1. Water Stream Crushing Rock,5.9
#One Punch Man - You are an apprentice in the legendary martial art created by the S-Rank Hero Silverfang, this martial art focuses on defence and redirection of the enemy's attacks by flowing like water and striking like a raging river. With enough training, you can completely counter an enemy's blow with double their power.
2. Intermediate Cooking,2.3
#You are as skilled as a seasoned chef, your cooking is better than most people with you being able to make complex dishes without much problem and most of the food you cook tastes pretty good.
3. Iaijutsu,3.4
#A refined blade art that takes advantage of the motion of drawing the blade from its sheath to unleashing blitzingly fast, precise slashes. With experience, the user can imbue their scabbard with energy to propel the sword even faster and increase the potency of their attacks.
4. Intermediate Acting,2.4
#You are a skilled actor, being able to properly portray yourself in the way you want to be seen and concealing your real emotions. But people familiar with you or people who have good intuition like detectives can probably see through your acting.
5. Intermediate Shooting,2.2
#You are a pretty decent shot, you can handle most firearms and projectiles with familiarity but you aren't going to be nailing headshot after headshot.
6. Intermediate Hand-to-Hand Combat,2.5
#You are a seasoned fighter, you know how to move your body to hurt people and can pick up most martial arts far faster than other people. You would completely thrash the average man in a fight.
7. Intermediate Programming,2.1
#You are an experienced programmer in all languages, you code considerably faster than the average programmer and can do so in any programming language you encounter.
8. Intermediate Mechanics,2.2
#You are a decent mechanic, you can fix most mundane appliances when given the right tools and have a good knowledge base of how most machines work and how to build basic machines.
9. Intermediate Biology,2.6
#you are learned enough in the field of Biology to be a professor, and you have good knowledge of how most organs and organisms function, you know how most things interact with biology and how to affect biology yourself.
10. Intermediate Physics,2.7
#you are learned enough in the field of Physics to be a professor, you know how physics works and how they interact with objects. You can spot and understand how most phenomena interact with the laws of the universe.
11. Intermediate Chemistry,2.5
#you are learned enough in the field of Chemistry to be a professor, enough to be a professor, you understand how most common compounds are formed and remember the interactions of chemicals and reactions well.
12. Intermediate Math,2.8
#You are very good at math, enough to be considered somewhat of a savant. You can rapidly calculate numbers in your head very accurately, faster than most people. You can also keep track of numbers and variables especially well.
13. Intermediate Blacksmithing,2.0
#You are experienced enough in blacksmithing to be called a real blacksmith. You know how to forge weapons, armour and various tools that are of decent quality, enough that a warrior would use them without apprehension.
14. Intermediate Teaching,2.0
#You are a good teacher, you know how to effectively impart your knowledge and skills to people well enough and can get them to take your lessons to heart most of the time.
15. Intermediate Blade Weapon Mastery,2.3
#You are fairly skilled in handling bladed instruments and weapons such as swords and daggers. You know how to effectively move your body and weapon to make good use of it, being able to match most practitioners in skill and finesse.
16. Intermediate Blunt Weapon Mastery,2.1
#You are fairly skilled in handling blunt instruments and weapons such as hammers, mauls and clubs. You know how to effectively move your body and weapon to make good use of it, being able to match most practitioners in skill and finesse.
17. Intermediate Polearm Mastery,2.6
#You are fairly skilled in handling bladed instruments and weapons such as spears, halbers and sickles. You know how to effectively move your body and weapon to make good use of it, being able to match most practitioners in skill and finesse.
18. Intermediate Item Construction,3.3
#You know how to make decent magical and enchanted items, if you know fire magic, you can turn a regular sword into a sword that can light itself on fire on command. If you have the ability Invisibility, you can probably make a cloak that suppresses your presence.
19. Polar Channel flow - Celluar Overdrive,3.5
#You have mastered the Pugilist skill of pushing every single cell in your body to their absolute limits drawing up every ounce of energy they have to augment all of your stats to their limits.Using this skill places immense strain on the body and repeated use may cause permanent damage.
20. All Life Eradication Fist,8.4
#One punch Man - The pinnacle of all martial arts, the fusion of the mastery of dozens of supernatural martial arts and the knowledge granted by god, you are able to manipulate the flow of cosmic and all forms of energy with your martial arts and are able to replicate almost any known phenomenon. You must be sufficiently physically strong to be able to utilize this skill in any meaningful capacity.
21. Spear of Untraceable Trajectory,6.7
#Everyone Else is a Returnee - Your mastery of the spear is to such a degree you that disobey even physics. When you attack with the spear you can hit multiple locations at once, the greater your mastery the higher the number of locations. Similar to Tsubame Gaeshi from Fate.
22. Nanaya Assasination Arts,4.7
#Tsukihime - You are trained in the unique assassination arts of the Nanaya Family, a clan of selectively bred demon hunters. This art focuses on extremely quick movements and mobility rather than stealth, also having the user move unpredictably even using ceilings and walls as footholds. This art is especially strong against non-humans.
23. Whirlwind Iron Cutting Fist,5.6
#One Punch Man - You are an apprentice in the supernatural martial developed by the legendary martial artist Bomb after decades of self-training. This style resembles kung fu and focuses on moving the body in such ways that it produces razor-sharp currents of wind that the user sends like whirlwinds, decimating any target.
24. Backflipping,0.2
#You know how to perform a gnarly backflip, frontflips may be a bit challenging though.
25. Water Breathing,3.1
#Demon Slayer - Water Breathing is a specialized swordsmanship style and breathing technique that mimics water, specifically the flow, flexibility and adaptability of the liquid and replicates it with the user's movements, techniques and abilities. Most, if not all, known techniques involve the user bending their body, arm and weapon in a fluid motion to match the movements of rushing or flowing water. With magical power, water can be manifested to further augment the power of the style.
26. Fire Breathing,3.3
#Demon Slayer - Fire Breathing is a specialized swordsmanship style and breathing technique that mimics flames and replicates them with the user's movements, techniques and abilities. Most, if not all, known techniques and forms involve extremely powerful singular strikes which 'burn' their opponents, with most attacks being initiated from a high stance. With magical power, fire can be manifested to further augment the power of the style.
27. Wind breathing,3.8
#Demon Slayer - Wind Breathing is a specialized swordsmanship style and breathing technique that mimics wind, specifically powerful torrents of air and whirlwinds, and replicates it with the user's movements, techniques and abilities. Most, if not all, known techniques and forms involve purely offensive attacks, most of which utilise fast rotating movements to generate swift whirlwind-like slashes that greatly increase the wielder's striking range as well as utilizing the air around them to deliver sharp sickle-shaped flying slash attacks and gale force winds.
28. Thunder breathing,4.0
#Demon Slayer - Thunder Breathing is a specialized swordsmanship style and breathing technique that mimics lightning, specifically swift strikes and movements akin to lightning ripping through the sky, and replicates it with the user's movements, techniques and abilities. Most, if not all, known techniques and forms involve utilizing blinding speeds and immensely fast attacks to overwhelm the enemy in an instant. With magical power, thunder can be manifested to further augment the power of the style.
29. Sun breathing,4.4
#Demon Slayer - Sun Breathing is a specialized swordsmanship style and breathing technique created by the legendary swordsman Yoriichi Tsugikuni that mimics the sun and replicates it with the user's movements, techniques, and abilities. All techniques and forms are extremely varied and have no set pattern, making them the most versatile and effective against enemies. With magical power, solar flames that are effective against unholy can be manifested.
30. Intermediate Kama Sutra,2.2
#(Nsfw)You are experienced in the sexual arts, being skilled at pleasuring your partner and being a pleasant recipient. You know how to spot arousal and what your partner responds to.
31. Intermediate Taming,2.1
#You are good at taming and training wild creatures, making them submit to you, making them obedient, submissive and loyal to you. Also being good at learning how to tame specific creatures. This can also be applied to people to an extent.
32. Intermediate Pressure Points,3.8
#You are experienced at spotting and using pressure points on the body, human or animal. Allowing you to press on pressure points to paralyse people or other points to cause them pleasure etc. Using it in combat, while not easy is possible.
33. Intermediate Massage,2.5
#You are as skilled as an experienced masseuse, being able to relieve pressure, cause pleasure and relax the muscles of people you are massaging.
34. Divine Gaming,7.0
#You are godlike at all kinds of games, chess, video games, gambling, bottle tosss anything of the sort. You are nigh unbeatable at any game unless it is against another godlike being of a similar domain.
35. Intermediate Driving,1.8
#You are a seasoned driver, you are capable of handling a variety of vehicles ranging from bikes and cars to aircraft with familiarity.
36. Intermediate Leadership,2.7
#You are a leader, you know how to motivate, take charge of and lead people with decent effectiveness, instilling confidence into them and making them do what you want them to do. You are an effective leader.
37. Intermediate Charisma,3.8
#You have an aura of charisma around you, it is less of a skill and more of something that is just around you. People of note feel themselves more attracted to your presence, it's subtle things like people paying more attention to you, taking you more seriously etc.
38. Throwing,2.2
#You are fairly skilled at throwing a variety of objects with speed and accuracy, being able to land a stone on the head of a target from across the street without trouble.
39. Intermediate Medicine,2.9
#You are as skilled as a doctor, possessing a variety of medical knowledge and skills in treating injuries, illnesses and problems as well as familiarity with the body and medicine as well as its applications.
40. Kung Fu,2.5
#You are an apprentice in Kung Fu, a Chinese martial art that refines the body,  that emphasizes discipline, efficiency, and adaptability. It encompasses various techniques, including strikes, guards, footwork, and grappling. With sufficient mastery over Kung Fu, you can enhance your strikes with your internal energy
41. Bajiquan,3.5
#You are an apprentice in Bajiquan, a Chinese martial art specializing in explosive short-range attacks and aggressive forward momentum to break through enemy defences. With sufficient mastery over Bajiquan, you can enhance your strikes with your internal energy
42. Taekwondo,3.7
#You are an apprentice in Taekwondo, a dynamic Korean martial art specializing in speed, agility, and powerful kicking techniques. It combines high, spinning, and jumping kicks with fast footwork and precise strikes to deliver devastating blows. With sufficient mastery, you can enhance your strikes with your internal energy
43. Renewal Taekwondo,6.6
#God of Highschool - A specialized form of Taekwondo specializing in strong linear kicks like regular Taekwondo, it initially resembles simply a more refined and powerful Taekwondo style. The true power is only revealed when the user achieves Recoilless by mastering it, allowing them to focus all of their energy on their perfected strikes to unleash devastating effects.
44. Karate,2.4
#You are an apprentice in Karate, A Japanese martial art specializing in powerful strikes, strong stances, and precise technique. With direct, forceful movements using punches, kicks, knee strikes, and blocks to generate maximum impact. Practitioners develop explosive power, speed, and efficiency, making Karate a well-rounded combat skill for both offence and defence. With sufficient mastery, you can enhance your strikes with your internal energy
45. Suppression,4.0
#You are a master of suppressing yourself, getting rid of your presence, lowering it to that of an ordinary presence or fully concealing all of your energy. You can make a presence that shakes gods into one that doesn't seem out of place with foliage.
46. Krav Maga,2.6
#You are an apprentice of Krav Maga, a brutally efficient martial art made for military use, it emphasizes instinctive movements, rapid strikes, and efficient takedowns to neutralize threats as quickly as possible. Krav Maga incorporates techniques from boxing, wrestling, judo, and street fighting. With sufficient mastery, you can enhance your strikes with your internal energy
47. Muay Thai,2.9
#You are an apprentice of Muay Thai, a powerful Thai martial art known as the "Art of Eight Limbs," utilizing punches, kicks, elbows, and knee strikes for devastating close and mid-range combat. It emphasizes powerful strikes, clinch fighting, and relentless conditioning to build endurance and toughness. With sufficient mastery, you can enhance your strikes with your internal energy.
48. Intimidation,3.3
#You are skilled at intimidating people, making them feel fear and shake in their boots with your mere presence, you instinctively know how to present yourself in ways that invoke terror.
49. Novice Cooking,1.3
#You are a novice in the culinary arts, you can cook most basic meals and they will taste good. But don't expect to get a job as a chef. You will however improve much faster than other people if you choose to train yourself.
50. Wilderness Survival,2.4
#You are very skilled at surviving in the wilderness, whether that is making temporary shelter out of materials you can find, identifying safe sources of food, knowing how to track animals, how to secure your stuff, and generally everything needed to know to survive in the wilderness effectively.
51. Novice Acting,1.4
#You are a novice actor, you know how to portray yourself in the ways you want to be seen and hide your real emotions but it is not difficult for experienced people to see through your acting. You will however improve much faster than other people if you choose to train yourself.
52. Novice Shooting,1.6
#You know how to handle firearms, you are no marksman but you are as good as the average soldier at aiming and shooting projectiles. You will however improve much faster than other people if you choose to train yourself.
53. Novice Hand-to-Hand Combat,1.5
#You are reasonably talented in hand-to-hand combat. You know how to punch and where to punch and that's enough for most people. You won't be winning against professionals but you can confidently beat up the average person. You will however improve much faster than other people if you choose to train yourself.
54. Novice Programming,1.4
#You know how to code on the level of a novice, you can create simple programs and know how to read, understand and spot mistakes in codes. And you can do so in every single coding language you have encountered.
55. Novice Mechanics,1.1
#You are as skilled as a mechanic apprentice, you know how to fix basic appliances and maybe even a car when provided with the right tools. You will however improve much faster than other people if you choose to train yourself.
56. Novice Biology,1.1
#You have the skills and knowledge of a Biology Major. You have a decent repertoire of knowledge regarding biology, bodies and organs as well as how things interact with biology.
57. Novice Physics,1.6
#You have the skills and knowledge of a Physics Major. You have a decent repertoire of knowledge regarding physics and the laws of the universe. You know why and how things fall down, why magnets repel each other and how to build a nuclear bomb.
58. Novice Chemistry,1.4
#You have the skills and knowledge of a Chemistry Major. You have a decent repertoire of knowledge regarding chemistry and compounds. You know how to make most regular chemicals and know not to drink bleach.
59. Novice Math,1.5
#You are good at calculating things in your head and doing calculations on the spot. You can solve most math problems you would be able to solve, rather easily in your head instead of writing things down like a human calculator.
60. Novice Blacksmithing,1.7
#You are about as skilled as a Blacksmith's apprentice. You can make basic weapons and tools, but you can't guarantee their quality, at least you can accurately gauge the quality of metalwork you are given.
61. Novice Teaching,1.8
#You are as skilled as a fresh teacher, you know how to impart your knowledge and skills to people well enough but you can't guarantee they will listen or take your lesson to heart.
62. Novice Blade Weapon Mastery,1.9
#You are reasonably talented in handling bladed weapons such as swords and knives. You know how to hold the sword and keep the sharp pointed toward the enemy as well as being able to align the edge of your cuts and poke the stabby end into people.
63. Novice Blunt Weapon Mastery,1.5
#You are reasonably talented in handling blunt weapons such as hammers or clubs. You know how to move your body to do damage with the instrument you are holding, but there is only so much finesse to handling a large stick.
64. Novice Polearm Mastery,1.8
#You are reasonably talented in handling polearms such as spears, halberds or scythes. You know how to smack with the long stick, how to cut with the blade at the end of the long stick, you know how to tab people with the pointy end of the long stick, and that is enough for most people.
65. Novice Item Construction,2.1
#You know how to create minor enchanted and special items, not anything that can be called a proper item but things like a plate that heats itself up or a mask that purifies air are possible as long as you have the proper knowledge base.
66. Novice Kama Sutra,1.5
#(Nsfw)You are reasonably talented in the carnal arts, you know what goes where and how to pleasure your partner as well as what not to do during coitus.
67. Novice Taming,1.1
#You know how to tame wild creatures, but not very precisely. With trial and error, you can probably tame a creature but it won't be easy, though you can easily tame and train mundane animals.
68. Novice Massage,1.2
#You are as skilled as an apprentice masseuse, you know how to give someone a massage that feels good and can relieve pressure but not much beyond that.
69. Novice Driving,1.1
#You know how to drive most vehicles, you are no expert but you won't fall off your bike or start driving into pedestrians.
70. Novice Leadership,2.4
#You know a bit about leading and motivating people, you won't be leading armies anytime soon but the team you lead will probably find you an agreeable leader and you are decent at resolving conflict among members and motivating your team.
71. Novice Charisma,1.9
#You have an aura of charisma around you, it is less of a skill and more of something that is just about you, a change in your demeanour and how you hold yourself perhaps. People of note feel themselves more attracted to your presence, it's subtle things like people paying more attention to you, taking you more seriously etc. Though at this level it is not too noticeable
72. Novice Medicine,1.5
#You are about as skilled as a doctor in training, you know how to perform first aid, how to apply medicine, what most medicines do, and in a pinch improvise medical tools to perform basic surgery.
73. Adept Cooking,3.3
#You are great at cooking, at the level of a veteran chef, you can cook most meals with great flavour, there aren't many who would be disappointed with your cooking. You could easily get a job as a private chef.
74. Literacy,2.2
#You know how to read effectively, you'd be shocked at how little people possess this skill. You know all common languages and mundane languages of the world you are in, and are very skilled at reading books and grimoires, allowing you to read them much faster and digest the information inside of them better.
75. Adept Acting,3.4
#You are as skilled as a veteran actor, being able to effectively present yourself in the ways you want to be seen to invoke the emotions you want to invoke while hiding your real thoughts and feelings. It would take a seasoned detective to suss you out.
76. Adept Shooting,3.5
#You are a natural crack shot, being able to wield most projectile-based weaponry with great familiarity and accuracy, rarely missing your shots unless you are against an opponent of similar skill.
77. Adept Hand-to-Hand Combat,3.6
#You are very talented in unarmed combat, on the level of a veteran martial artist. You know how to move your body to unleash powerful blows, at this level your arms and legs are lethal weapons.
78. Adept Programming,3.1
#You are as skilled as a veteran programmer, being able to write and design complex programs and algorithms while being able to quickly spot mistakes and problems in the codes you write. In addition, you write code far faster than you should be able to without sacrificing quality.
79. Adept Mechanics,3.2
#You are as skilled as a veteran engineer, if given the tools you can repair almost any mundane machine and you could even design a car from scratch and build it yourself. In addition, you tinker and design faster than you should be able to without sacrificing quality.
80. Adept Biology,3.6
#Your experience and knowledge in the field of Biology is on par with a Senior Scientist. You are very knowledgeable in the study of life, such as how living organisms function, how they are formed and what they are made of.
81. Adept Physics,3.8
#Your experience and knowledge in the field of Physics is on par with a Senior Scientist. You are very knowledgeable in the study of the laws of the universe, such as how things are affected by gravity, how electromagnetism works and its effects, how nuclear fission and fusion work etc.
82. Adept Chemistry,3.7
#Your experience and knowledge in the field of Chemistry is on par with a Senior Scientist. You are very knowledgeable in the study of matter, such as what most substances are formed of, how most substances interact with each other, how to form chemical compounds and how to influence matter in the ways you want.
83. Adept Math,3.9
#You are a savant in terms of mathematical and calculative ability, you will never need a calculator since your head crunches calculations faster than you can type them into a calculator, while you aren't competing with computers just yet, you are far faster than you should be.
84. Adept Blacksmithing,3.4
#You are as skilled as a veteran blacksmith. You can create fine weapons and armour without problem, with practice you can even make rare weapons that are sought after. In addition, your understanding of metallurgy and forging are far beyond the average person.
85. Adept Teaching,3.2
#You are a great teacher, you could even call yourself GTO if your name starts with O. You are skilled at imparting your knowledge and skills to others, even if they are a poor student. You can also teach anyone any one of your skills as long as they are physically capable and the skill is below rare rank.
86. Adept Blade Weapon Mastery,3.5
#You are very talented at wielding bladed weapons, on the level of a veteran swordsman. You are able to effectively wield any bladed weapon such as swords and daggers with great efficiency and finesse.
87. Adept Blunt Weapon Mastery,3.2
#You are very talented at wielding blunt weapons such as hammers and clubs. When you are holding any blunt weapon you can exert almost supernatural levels of strength with them.
88. Adept Polearm Mastery,3.4
#You are very talented at wielding polearms, on the level of a veteran spearsman. You are able to effectively wield any polearm such as spears, sickles and halberds with great efficiency and finesse.
89. Adept Item Construction,4.9
#You know how to create enchanted and special items depending on your capabilities, if you know fire magic, you could turn a regular ring into one that deploys a fire barrier in an emergency, or if you have the ability of teleportation you could create a ring that teleports people to a set location etc.
90. Adept Kama Sutra,3.3
#(Nsfw)You are very talented in the carnal art, being able to spot signs of arousal and attraction, in addition, you instinctively know how to pleasure your partner in bed and be a very pleasant recipient, enhancing pleasure for both of you.
91. Adept Taming,3.1
#You are great at taming, making beings submit to your ownership or superiority. You know how to gain the obedience and loyalty of eligible families and people to a lesser extent. You are also good at training them too.
92. Adept Massage,3.6
#You are as skilled as a seasoned masseuse, being able to give a variety of massages that help get rid of exhaustion, recover stamina, revitalize the body and mind and even invoke sexual pleasure. Few would leave the massage bed unsatisfied.
93. Adept Driving,3.0
#You are as skilled as a veteran driver, being able to handle any vehicle with familiarity and ease. If you participate in a race, chances are you will embarrass the competition.
94. Adept Leadership,4.2
#You are a skilled leader, whether that is about small teams or even companies. You know how to get people's loyalty, give them morale, manage and lead them. You would be known as a great commander if you led a military into war.
95. Adept Charisma,4.4
#You have an aura of charisma around you, it is less of a skill and more of something that is just around you. People of note feel themselves more attracted to your presence, you are more intimidating when you want to be, you are more persuasive when you try to be,
96. Adept Medicine,4.1
#You are very skilled in all areas of medicine, you can do surgery, diagnose conditions, create medicine etc. You are fully qualified as a veteran in all areas of medicine. You can also make your own medicine given the ingredients, even magical ones such as potions depending on the world you are in.
97. Expert Cooking,4.4
#You are an expert in the culinary arts, you are better than most chefs will ever be. You can cook almost any meal if given ingredients and it will almost certainly taste great. At the very least, no one leaves your dining table unsatisfied. Still not quite at foodgasm levels but you are close.
98. Grooming,1.9
#NOT THAT KIND- You are very skilled at grooming, taking care of your hair, your hygiene, your cleanliness, etc., basically, you are skilled at making yourself and others look presentable.
99. Expert Acting,4.4
#You are an expert actor, being able to skillfully portray yourself in the way you want to be perceived in order to invoke the emotions you want to invoke and hide the emotions you want to hide. It would take a real expert to see through your mask.
100. Expert Shooting,4.6
#You are an expert marksman, you handle all firearms and projectiles with great skill and finesse to the point where people might wonder if you have special power. You can even curve your shots and utilize ricochets. You can also better predict the trajectory of enemy projectiles.
101. Expert Hand-to-Hand Combat,4.5
#You are an expert martial artist, you move your body like it is a lethal weapon, knowing where to strike and how to move your body to deal damage with expert skill. You learn and master other types of unarmed martial arts much faster.
102. Expert Programming,4.1
#You are an expert programmer, your skill with coding is comparable to a low-level Tinker ability. You can craft and code complex algorithms and programs with ease, you can even make basic artificial intelligences.
103. Expert Mechanics,4.2
#You are an expert mechanic, your skill at designing, fixing and building machinery is comparable to a low-level Tinker ability. You can fix and build any mundane machine without a problem and even design your improved versions. With enough time and practice you can even build low-level tinkertech.
104. Expert Biology,4.1
#You are an expert in the field of Biology, the study of life. You are intimately familiar with the biology of most organisms, ranging from mammals to cellular life. If you were to be given magic, you could probably figure out Biomancy rather quickly.
105. Expert Physics,4.6
#You are an expert in the field of Physics, the study of the laws of the universe. You are intimately familiar with how the laws of the universe interact with most objects and forces as well as how they work. If you were to be given magic, you could probably figure out Gravity and Electricity magic rather quickly.
106. Expert Chemistry,4.4
#You are an expert in the field of Chemistry, the study of matter. You are intimately familiar with how most chemical compounds and materials are formed as well as how they react to each other and stimuli. If you were to be given magic, you could probably become an alchemist rather quickly.
107. Expert Math,4.9
#You are a true savant when it comes to mathematics and calculations. You can solve most problems relating to numbers with ease and the speed at which you crunch numbers and do calculations in your head
108. Expert Blacksmithing,5.2
#You are an expert blacksmith, the kind that would shack up in the mountains as a hermit, visited by a knight on their quest to slay a dragon. You are intimately familiar with building all kinds of cold weapons and the weapons you create are of supernatural quality, you could forge an iron sword that can cut an iron block in half. You can also grant your weapons special traits depending on the materials you forge them out of.
109. Expert Teaching,4.8
#You are an expert teacher, the kind a protagonist would encounter mid-way through their journey to learn an essential skill from you before leaving and forgetting about you. You are incredibly skilled at imparting your knowledge and skills to your pupils, you could pick any old farmboy and turn him into a fine warrior.
110. Expert Blade Weapon Mastery,4.9
#You are an expert of the bladed weapons such as daggers and swords, not quite in the realm of legends but in the old ages people would sing songs about how you could slay 100 men with a single blade. Your expertise and finesse with blades are the stuff of rumours.
111. Expert Blunt Weapon Mastery,4.6
#You are an expert of blunt weapons like hammers and clubs, the might with which you swing these weapons can brown the pants of any common man. If these were the old ages, there would be folklore about how you splattered a man across the battlefield with a simple mace.
112. Expert Polearm Mastery,4.8
#You are an expert at wielding polearms like spears, halberds and scythes, while not quite on the level of heroes like Cu Chulainn you are ferocious with the spear in your own right. You wield the spear as if it were an extension of your own body.
113. Expert Item Construction,5.7
#You know how to create great enchanted and special items depending on your capabilities, if you know fire magic, you could turn a regular ring into one that deploys fireballs, walls of fire and makes the user resistant to fire, or if you have the ability of teleportation you could create a ring that teleports people to a set location etc.
114. Expert Kama Sutra,4.5
#(Nsfw)You are an expert in the carnal, being intimately familiar with picking up signs of arousal and pleasuring your partners in bed. Unless your partner is completely frigid, no one will leave your bed unsatisfied, your skill in bed is unmatched by most. If you were given magic you could probably create Eromancy.
115. Expert Taming,4.1
#You are an expert in taming and domestication. You know how to turn a ferocious beast into your best buddy, and you know how to skillfully train creatures to gain their obedience and their loyalty. This can also be applied to people to a lesser extent.
116. Expert Massage,4.0
#You are an expert masseuse on the level of a grandpa who spent his life refining his craft. You can give massages that melt away exhaustion, help revitalize the body, ones that give unmatched sexual pleasure, relieve tension etc.
117. Expert Driving,4.0
#You are an expert driver for all kinds of vehicles ranging from scooters to spaceships, you can probably outrace a motorcycle while riding a tricycle. If it has controls to steer it, you can make that baby purr for you in a way others can only hope to imitate.
118. Expert Leadership,5.3
#You are an expert leader, on par with famous leaders throughout history like Iskandar or King Arthur. You know how to motivate, lead and manage the people you are responsible for with finesse and efficiency. You could probably run your own country if you put in some elbow grease.
119. Expert Charisma,5.2
#You have an aura of charisma around you, it is less of a skill and more of something about your presence. People of note feel themselves more attracted to your presence, you are more intimidating when you want to be, you are more persuasive when you try to be,
120. Expert Medicine,4.9
#You are an expert in all fields of medicine that regular humans can seldom match. You know how to perform surgery, make your own supernatural medicine, and diagnose ailments with ease and finesse.
121. Master Cooking,5.6
#You are a real master of cooking, you can cook almost any dish to incredible levels of taste to the point where they might even gain supernatural traits depending on the ingredients you used. You can induce actual foodgasms with your cooking.
122. Makeup,1.2
#You are very skilled at applying makeup and enhancing natural beauty with products.
123. Master Acting,5.2
#You are a master actor, maybe at this point, you can't even tell where the mask is and where you are. You are able to present yourself in any way you would want to be seen and perfectly mask your emotions when you need to. It would take nothing less than the eyes of a truth seer to see beyond your mask.
124. Master Shooting,5.3
#Your marksmanship is on the level of legends like Orion or Arash, or it might be if you train enough. Few mortals can dodge your projectiles, in the old times you would have been hailed as a legendary archer.
125. Master Hand-to-Hand Combat,5.5
#Your skills and talent in martial arts are on the level of legends, you are a true prodigy. You can quickly master most forms of martial arts and your basic comprehension of unarmed combat is incredible, your hands and feet are actual weapons that wouldn't lose out to swords and spears.
126. Master Programming,5.7
#You are a master programmer, your skills are to the point where they may as well be tinker abilities except this is all raw skill. You can easily code complex algorithms and programs as well creating your own Artificial Intelligence. Sci-fi worlds fear you.
127. Master Mechanics,5.8
#You are a master mechanic, your skill at designing, fixing and building machinery can be called a Tinker ability itself if it weren't pure skill. You can easily design, repair, build and improve all mundane appliances. And with enough time and effort, you can create and design your own brand of  Tinkertech.
128. Master Biology,6.0
#You are a master in the field of Biology, the study of life. You are perfectly familiar with the biology of most organisms, ranging from mammals to cellular life to the point where you can guess and estimate the biology of a completely unfamiliar creature. If given time and effort you can also create your own godforsaken biological hybrids and homunculus and even improve the physiology of beings through surgery. But you will need to study to digest all of this knowledge and make use of it due to the immense quantity.
129. Master Physics,6.3
#You are a master in the field of Physics, the study of the laws of the universe. You know how the laws of the universe work and how they interact with the world at large, if given enough time and effort you could probably invent anti-gravity, railgun tech, cold fusion etc. But you will need to study to digest all of this knowledge and make use of it due to the immense quantity.
130. Master Chemistry,6.1
#You are a master in the field of Chemistry, the study of matter. You are perfectly familiar with how most compounds and objects are formed and what reactions cause with what. With your level of mastery, you can probably make your own brand of supersoldier serum if given enough time. But you will need to study to digest all of this knowledge and make use of it due to the immense quantity.
131. Master Math,6.1
#You can't be described as a basic savant anymore, you are truly superhuman when it comes to the matter of numbers, mathematics and calculations to the point where someone might question if you have a computer inside of your head.
132. Master Blacksmithing,5.9
#You are a master blacksmith, and while not quite on the level of someone like Muramasa, describing your works as anything below works of art is an insult. You make weapons, not for simple men but for mighty warriors and heroes of legend. With time and effort, you can create weapons on the level of noble phantasms.
133. Master Teaching,5.8
#You are a master master, does that make sense? You can masterfully impart your knowledge and skills onto your pupil, and while you aren't quite on the level of the Kingmaker like Merlin you can train heroes yourself, if this were the old times, people from across the country would journey to gain your teachings.
134. Master Blade Weapon Mastery,5.9
#You are a true master of the blades, the kind only spoken in legends, you are spoken in the same vein as people like King Arthur and Lancelot, you are on the cusp of the sword saint realm but you aren't quite there yet.
135. Master Blunt Weapon Mastery,5.7
#You are a true master of the blunt weapon, the kind only spoken of in legends. You are one with your hammer, and the strength you can exert while wielding a blunt weapon is far beyond what you would normally be able to. You can shatter the walls of a castle with a branch from a tree.
136. Master Polearm Mastery,5.8
#You are a true master of polearms, the kind only spoken in legends, your skills are spoken in the same vein as people like Cu Chulainn and Lu Bu. You can handle and all polearms such as spears, glaives and scythes with mastery.
137. Master Item Construction,6.3
#You know how to create epic enchanted and special items depending on your capabilities, if you know fire magic, you could turn a regular ring into one that allows the user to use fire magic themselves at a lower level.  If you had an ability like superhuman, you could create a ring that turns the average Joe into a super soldier. Stronger enchantments demand stronger base materials.
138. Master Kama Sutra,6.5
#(Nsfw)You are a true master of lovemaking and passion, no mortal man can match your mastery over the carnal arts, and the bodies of your partners may as well be putty in your hands, even gods would be rendered to helpless messes with your lovemaking skills.
139. Master Taming,5.1
#You are a true master tamer. You can turn even the most ferocious bloodthirsty manic beast into a living room pet. You are a master at also training familiars to gain their obedience and loyalty. This can also apply to people to a lesser extent.
140. Master Massage,5.5
#You are a master masseuse, better than any mortal can be. Your massages can even heal injuries and ailments, your massages are therapeutic and cause immense pleasure and comfort. Even the bodies gods are like putty in your hands.
141. Master Driving,5.0
#You are a true master at driving any kind of vehicle, if it has steering, you can ride any vehicle or mount as if they were your extensions of your body. Ranging from rollerblades to star-sized spacecrafts.
142. Master Leadership,5.8
#You are a master leader, making you excellent at managing, leading, motivating and earning the loyalty of anyone under your leadership. You could easily run your own country, and if these were the old times, you would be hailed as a legendary general.
143. Master Charisma,5.6
#You have an aura of charisma around you, it is less of a skill and more of something about your presence. People of note feel themselves more attracted to your presence, when you want to appear intimidating your presence strikes fear, when you want to calm someone down your aura appears serene etc.
144. Master Medicine,5.7
#You are a true master in all fields of medicine that regular humans can seldom match. You can perform surgery, make your own medicine, and diagnose ailments with extreme efficiency and precision. You could create and design your own medicines, with practice, you could even create superhuman medicines.
145. Grandmaster Cooking,6.6
#You are Grandmaster of Cooking, better than any mortal has any right to be. You can cook any meal ranging from Elder Dragon Steaks, to Leviathan Sushi, your foods, in addition to being incredible in taste are also bestowed with special wonderous effects depending on what you are cooking.
146. Grandmaster Shooting,6.3
#You are a Grandmaster Marksman, you are better than any mortal has any right to be in the same vein as Bullseyet. Your accuracy is almost absolute with any ranged weapon and projectile, and the lethality of any projectile in your hands is unmatched. You could kill a man two streets away by flicking a toothpick through the gap in their eyesocket into their brain.
147. Grandmaster Hand-to-Hand Combat,6.5
#Your skill level in martial arts has reached the level of a Saint. Even without any abilities or energy, your mastery has reached a point where your arms and legs can strike the intangible, you can kick people so hard you literally shatter their soul or slap the magic out of their hands.
148. Grandmaster Programming,6.9
#You are a Grandmaster Programmer, you would be the scourge of any advanced civilization and artificial intelligences, you can casually code incredibly complex programs, and even create your powerful intelligences. If given enough time you could probably code your own Ultron.
149. Grandmaster Mechanics,6.7
#You are on the level of a Saint in terms of mechanics, even in the Stone Age you could probably still create an automated factory. At this point, your skill is on the level of a Tinker Ability. You can easily build, design, fix, and innovate most forms of technology, even ones that are beyond the technology of your current world. You can even create generalized Tinker Tech.
150. Grandmaster Biology,7.0
#Your comprehension in the field of Biology, the study of life is beyond any mortal should have. You instinctively understand the biology of organisms to the point where with a simple scan you can point out their genetic blueprint and know how to alter biology, DNA and genetics to your own ends. You will need time and study to properly digest the sheer amount of information this skill provides, at this level, the amount of knowledge stops becoming knowledge and simply comprehension and instinct toward the world around you instead.
151. Grandmaster Physics,7.3
#Your comprehension in the field of Physics, the study of the laws of the universe is beyond any mortal should have. You know how the laws of the universe work and how they interact with the world at large and how to manipulate those forces to your ends. You will need time and study to properly digest the sheer amount of information this skill provides, at this level, the amount of knowledge stops becoming knowledge and simply comprehension and instinct toward the world around you instead.
152. Grandmaster Chemistry,7.1
#Your comprehension in the field of Chemistry, the study of matter is beyond any mortal should have. You know how matters and materials are formed, how they form more matter with each other and how matters interact with each other to the point where you could easily come up with never-before-seen miracle alloys and materials never thought of. You will need time and study to properly digest the sheer amount of information this skill provides, at this level, the amount of knowledge stops becoming knowledge and simply comprehension and instinct toward the world around you instead.
153. Grandmaster Math,7.2
#Your comprehension and understanding of numbers, mathematics and calculations is at a concerning level. You could go to NASA and outcalculate their computers. The speed at which your brain and mind can crunch numbers and calculations is beyond the level of what most computers can achieve. If you forgot your computer at home your mind is a better alternative anyway.
154. Grandmaster Blacksmithing,6.9
#You are a grandmaster Blacksmith, you are what heroes and legends go to, to get their legendary armaments forged. You could give Muramasa a run for his money and with enough resources, you could probably make your own Durandal, Gram, Gae Bolg etc.
155. Grandmaster Teaching,6.8
#You are a grandmaster at teaching, on par with people such as the King Maker Merlin, just without the decades of experience and repertoire of skills to teach. But if you have the skills yourself, you could pick up a random country girl and train her into a hero of legends.
156. Grandmaster Blade Weapon Mastery,6.9
#You are a swordmaster on the level of a Saint, like mythical legends such as Musashi and Sasaki Kojiro. Even without abilities or energy your skill is at a level where you can even the intangible, you can cut souls, energy, and magic with nothing but your bare body and a blade of any kind.
157. Grandmaster Blunt Weapon Mastery,6.9
#You have reached saint level with Blunt weapons... somehow, you have reached a level of skill where you can handle a club with such skill that you can smash and shatter the intangible, as in, you can hit someone with your club so hard their body, mind and soul shatters. You can also bat away magic like it is a softball.
158. Grandmaster Polearm Mastery,6.8
#You have reached saint level with Polearms, your skill with the spear allows you to pierce and cut the intangible without needing to use any abilities or energy. You can stab someone's soul with your spear, cut their ability in half, bat away magic with the shaft of your spear etc.
159. Grandmaster Item Construction,6.7
#You know how to create legendary enchanted and special items depending on your capabilities such as knowledge, abilities and skills. The artefacts you create are rated on the level of national treasures and items of legend. You can craft a ring that allows its user to use the ability teleportation or a ring that lets you use fire magic, maybe an armor that can resist the heat of the sun, the limits are only on your abilities.
160. Grandmaster Leadership,6.4
#Your skill in leadership and ruling is at the peak of what a person could achieve. You could manage a kingdom and an army in your sleep, for you the act is as easy as playing a game simulating it. People under your rule and command are naturally more loyal and obedient to your rule, the chance of people rebelling against you is nill unless you are just that bad.
161. Grandmaster Medicine,6.5
#You have reached beyond human but not quite god in terms of all fields of medicine and healing. You can perform surgery, modify bodies, and create legendary medicines as well as identify and know how to cure almost all illnesses and ailments. If you were in a cultivation world you would be titled the medicine king.
162. Divine Cooking,7.3
#Your cooking talent is on the level of the gods, the food you cook can give someone an epiphany and change their lives. You can get gods to form a queue outside of your restaurant to taste your cooking.
163. Divine Shooting,7.4
#Your skill and talent with the bow and arrow are on the level of the gods. With training, you could take Artemis, Apollo and Arjuna's lunch money.
164. Divine Hand-to-Hand Combat,7.7
#Your skill and talent with martial arts is something that can only be described as godly. You can learn someone's martial art just by exchanging blows with them, you can make up your martial arts on the spot that would normally take masters tens of years to come up with.
165. Divine Programming,7.6
#Your programming is on the level of the gods. Is this even coding anymore? No? You can translate your code into an actual magic formula to execute in the world. In addition, with your coding abilities, you could bring galactical empires to their knees and make any robot weep. You could probably outcode Ultron.
166. Divine Mechanics,7.5
#Your ability to create, design, fix and improve machinery is on the level of Gods. You can outbuild Tony Stark, it doesn't matter the world you are in, with some time you could probably build a spaceship in the Stone Age. You can practically build any machine as long as you have the proper knowledge and abilities.
167. Principle of Life,8.1
#You possess the knowledge of the creator when it comes to the field of Life and Biology. You know how to create, modify, and understand life. But this knowledge is too much for a mortal vessel, so the knowledge manifests as instinctive comprehension when it comes to all matters of life, the stronger you get the more access you will get to the principle.
168. Principle of Law,8.5
#You possess the knowledge of the creator when it comes to the fundamental forces of the universe. You know perfectly how the laws that make up the world work and how to manipulate them to your desires. But this knowledge is too much for a mortal vessel, so the knowledge manifests as instinctive comprehension when it comes to all matters of life, the stronger you get the more access you will get to the principle.
169. Principle of Matter,8.2
#You possess the knowledge of the creator when it comes to the field of matter and creation. You know how to construct, transmute, and understand matter, even create matter that doesn't exist. But this knowledge is too much for a mortal vessel, so the knowledge manifests as instinctive comprehension when it comes to all matters of life, the stronger you get the more access you will get to the principle.
170. Divine Formula,8.0
#Your internal calculator is beyond that of a calculator, you can effortlessly solve all mathematical problems and perform calculations faster than the fastest supercomputers. You could probably replicate the Kankara formula from DxD. But if your vessel is too weak it might be wise to not use all of your computational power to not melt your brain.
171. Divine Blacksmithing,7.8
#Your blacksmithing skill is qualified to be on the level of a god, with enough training you could Hephaestus a run for their money. With enough resources and time, you can forge your own Excalibur, Gugnir, Longinus, Mjolnir etc.
172. Divine Teaching,7.2
#Your ability to impart your skills and knowledge to others is on a divine level. You could train the average farmboy into a demigod with enough effort. There is no one you cannot teach.
173. Divine Blade Weapon Mastery,7.8
#Your level of mastery with swords is divine, with training, there is nothing you cannot cut. Space, Time, Heat, Mind, Souls, the only limit is the effort you are willing to put in. If you are not strong enough you may need training to properly digest this skill.
174. Divine Polearm Mastery,7.8
#Your level of mastery with polearms is divine, with training, there is nothing you cannot stab, cut or strike. Space, Time, Heat, Mind, Souls, the only limit is the effort you are willing to put in. If you are not strong enough you may need training to properly digest this skill.
175. Divine Blunt Weapon Mastery,7.8
#Your level of mastery with blunt instruments is divine, with training, there is nothing you cannot crush and shatter. Space, Time, Heat, Mind, Souls, the only limit is the effort you are willing to put in. If you are not strong enough you may need training to properly digest this skill.
176. Divine Item Construction,7.9
#Your knowledge of creating artefacts and wonderous items is on the level of gods. The items you could create can be hailed as holy grails, if you have the skills, resources, time and abilities you could even make your own divine artefacts like a tesseract, a holy grail or even a Longinus.
177. Divine Leadership,7.4
#Your leadership and ruling skills are on a divine level, you could maintain a galaxy-spanning empire and still be able to handle all bureaucracy yourself. Any army you lead will be soldiers with unstoppable morale and might, any empire you lead will prosper.
178. Divine Charisma,7.9
#You have the presence and aura of a god. Your sheer charisma can bring people to their knees, attract people of note to you, calm down a raging beast, or inspire awe from the masses. You will be the most popular being alive.
179. Divine Medicine,7.5
#You are as skilled as a god of health and medicine. You can modify and heal bodies to your liking as long as you have the tools, you know how to cure any ailment, not only that but you can create divine medicines like Panaceas and Elixirs of Immortality. But this knowledge is too much for a mortal vessel, so the knowledge manifests as instinctive comprehension when it comes to all matters of life, the stronger you get the more access you will get to the Divine Knowledge.
180. Novice Interfacing,1.4
#You are nimble I can give you that, you know how to pick basic locks, pick pockets, find your way around mechanisms and move with decent grace.
181. Intermediate Interfacing,2.3
#You are a tricky one, you know how to pick locks, pick pockets, figure out the kinks in mechanics and have a feeling for knowing your way around things. Your fingers may get a little restless.
182. Adept Interfacing,3.4
#You are one dextrous fellow with slippery fingers. You can easily pick the most mundane locks, empty people's pockets without them noticing, perform magic tricks(performance, not actual magic), feel your way around the kinks in mechanics, and all around have some very dextrous fingers best at knowing their way around things, few barriers can keep you out, good luck keeping you in jail.
183. Expert Interfacing,4.3
#Your skill in interfacing is at the level where there are few locks and mechanisms that can keep you out. You can probably steal someone's clothes off of their body without them noticing. Your ability to feel around and exploit the weaknesses fo mechanisms such as locks, machines, terminals etc. is on an incredible level.
184. Master Interfacing,5.8
#You are a master of interfacing, your fingers are so nimble that any lock or barrier may as well not exist in front of you. You could probably pick your way into Area 53 with a single hairpin. You can steal someone's underwear off their body without them noticing. You can interface with and exploit the weakness of any lock or mechanism like it's your own body.
185. Novice Savoir Faire,1.8
#You know how to move with some relative grace and finesse. You are light on your feet, you know how to dance and how to place your feet so that you don't trip and fall. And if you do fall, you can do so with some semblance of grace.
186. Intermediate Savoir Faire,2.7
#You know how to move with grace and finesse. You are light on your feet and you can definitely tear up the dance floor. You rarely lose your balance and can perform parkour. You can also perform flips and manoeuvres with decent grace.
187. Adept Savoir Faire,3.8
#You are one smooth bastard. Grace and Finesse are natural to you. Allowing you to move with flair and smoothness. You are skilled at acrobatics, dancing, parkour and anything that requires finesse or agility
188. Expert Savoir Faire,4.9
#You are one stylish and cool bastard. Your finesse is unmatched. You can perform acrobatics, dancing, parkour and anything that requires finesse or agility at the level of an expert. You move like the wind and water, you are truly one stylish bastard.
189. Master Savoir Faire,5.9
#You are the master of grace, cool and finesse. You perform feats of acrobatics, dancing, parkour and nimbleness that would baffle the minds of any as natural as you breathe. Even as a baseline human, you could probably dance around bullets.
190. Novice Stealth,1.4
#You are a novice in the way of stealth, you know how to mask your footsteps, how to sneak up on people, how to check for traps, and how to gather information more effectively. But anyone actually involved in the field is better than you.
191. Intermediate Stealth,2.4
#You are experienced in the way of stealth, you know how to move silently, how to sneak up on people, how to check for traps, and how to gather information more effectively. You would be a qualified ninja grunt.
192. Adept Stealth,3.6
#You are skilled in the way of stealth, you know how to move silently, how to sneak up on people, how to check for traps, you can blend into your surroundings and sneak up on people who know you are coming. You would make Solid Snake proud.
193. Expert Stealth,4.7
#You are an expert in the way of stealth, you know how to move like a ghost, silently, blend into your surroundings and swim with the shadows. You could sneak into a military base and no soul would know you were there. You could stalk an owl through a forest while wearing a high-visibility jacket. You are up there with the greatest assassins.
194. Master Stealth,5.8
#You have mastered the art of stealth, you blend in with the shadows and move without a single sound, you can also suppress your presence so much that even someone looking directly at you would struggle to distinguish between you and the world around you. You are in league with even the greatest of the Hassasin.
195. Jack of All Trades,3.2
#You have novice-level expertise in all basic trades (Novice Blacksmithing, Medicine, Mechanics, Cooking, Interfacing) with competence of an apprentice and are fairly talented in those fields. Does not extend to combat skills.
196. Queen of All Trades,4.6
#You have intermediate-level expertise in all basic trades (Intermediate Blacksmithing, Medicine, Mechanics, Cooking, Interfacing) with fair competence comparable to actual performers of the trade and are talented in those fields.
197. King of All Trades,5.1
#You have Adept-level expertise in all basic trades (Adept Blacksmithing, Medicine, Mechanics, Cooking, Interfacing) with competence comparable to an actual veteran of the trade and are greatly talented in those fields.
198. Ace of All Trades,6.2
#You have Expert-level expertise in all basic trade skills(Expert Blacksmithing, Medicine, Mechanics, Cooking, Interfacing), granting you expertise comparable to the real masters of the trades. And if you choose to train them further, you are also far more talented in any Trade field.
199. Firebending,4.7
#Avatar - You are an apprentice Firebender, being able to convert your internal energy into fire you can manipulate with your own form of movements and martial arts. The more experienced and trained you are the stronger your bending.
200. Waterbending,4.6
#Avatar - You are an apprentice Waterbender, being able to use your internal energy to interact with the water in the world around you, using movements to bend to your will. The more experienced and trained you are the stronger your bending.
201. Airbending,4.9
#Avatar - You are an apprentice Airbender, being able to use your internal energy to interact with the air in the world around you, using movements to bend to your will. The more experienced and trained you are the stronger your bending.
202. Earthbending,4.5
#Avatar - You are an apprentice Earthbender, being able to use your internal energy to interact with the earth in the world around you, using movements to bend to your will. The more experienced and trained you are the stronger your bending.
203. Novice Performance,1.0
#You know how to put in a performance. You are able to play all musical instruments enough to play basic songs, you can also sing decently, you can dance without tripping. You would fit right in with a high school band.
204. Intermediate Performance,2.1
#You are a qualified performer. Being able to play all basic musical instruments enough to play most songs on them, and you can sing most songs well enough that people may just like them. If you get on the dance floor you won't be an eyesore to anyone. You can assemble your own semi-successful band.
205. Adept Performance,3.2
#You are a great performer. You can play all musical instruments well enough to impress most people, and you are great at singing too, enough to capture people's attention with your tunes and have a flair for impressing crowds. You certainly know how to put on a show. You would have a very successful entertainer career.
206. Expert Performance,4.1
#You have the skills of an expert performer. You can play any instrument about as well as anyone can, and sing with a voice that impresses just about anyone. You can captivate large crowds with your performance, and imbue your emotions into your songs, you know how to sway crowds like an expert. You would be hailed as one of the classics and counted among the greats.
207. Master Performance,5.6
#You have mastered the art of putting on a performance. You can play any instrument well enough to impress the world, your voice when singing is nothing short of captivating. You can sway entire crowds, put on performances that make crowds weep or cheer, you know how to capture and sway crowds instinctively. Without a doubt, you would be hailed as one of the greatest artists and idols of all time.
208. Novice Management,1.6
#You are a novice at managing things. You know how to schedule your day, distribute your tasks, and attention to spend your time better. You would make a decent secretary.
209. Intermediate Management,2.6
#You are fairly skilled at management tasks, you can split your attention adequately between tasks, distribute tasks, structure things, manage groups, etc. You would make a fine secretary or a small business owner.
210. Adept Management,3.7
#You are skilled at management tasks, you know how to distribute tasks, handle them efficiently, handle employees or minions, multitask efficiently and deal with financial problems efficiently. You could easily run your own company or be an excelling financial advisor.
211. Expert Management,4.6
#You have become an expert in the art of management. Whether it is managing finances, people, assets, distributing tasks or managing your own attention and problems you can do so with brutal efficiency and expertise. You can easily run a multi-national company or a nation.
212. Master Management,5.8
#You are a master of management. You can easily manage tasks, people, assets, finances, distribution of tasks, and just about anything needed to manage a large group such as a company or even a country. You can also freely split your attention between tasks seamlessly, almost like parallel processing. You can increase your mastery even further by training and experience.
213. Novice Discipline,1.2
#You have basic discipline. You are able to endure slight hardship, able to force yourself to eat things you don't want to eat and study when you don't want to but your discipline is not that much greater than the average person.
214. Intermediate Discipline,2.5
#Your discipline is remarkable. You are fairly disciplined, being able to endure hardship such as discomfort and pain without audible complaints. You can force yourself to train even when you don't want to and get out of bed even when it's very comfortable, you are pretty good at maintaining focus. People would say you have an excellent work ethic.
215. Adept Discipline,3.6
#Your dedication and focus are admirable. You are very disciplined, being able to focus on tasks without falling to distractions, you are able to grit your teeth and get it done, even when in pain you can push on. You are able to push through discomfort, annoyance, and pain to get whatever job you need to get done. It is hard to use mental abilities on you.
216. Expert Discipline,4.8
#You have a mind made of iron. Your focus is sharp as a blade, if you do not want to be interrupted you won't be, if you know you need to keep going, you will. You can endure the toughest of training, even if your body starts breaking down you can force it to keep going for longer. You are very resistant to mental influences and effects.
217. Master Discipline,6.0
#You are the master of your own mind, the god of your own ship. Pain has no effect on your abilities, you can endure the toughest of punishments even if you think you can't. Your focus cannot be shaken, your discipline is unmatched. Your mind cannot be shaken by those weaker than yourself, and even then they will not have a good time. You are as disciplined as Batman himself.
218. Rokushiki,5.0
#One Piece - A special superhuman martial arts developed for only the most expert and skilled of the Marines and Cipher Pol agents. Rokushiki consists of 6 different special superhuman techniques and a secret 7th one they have achieved mastery over the others. You start with knowledge of all techniques but have to train to use them.
219. Caryll Runecraft,4.2
#The Outer Ones beyond the stars whisper to you, and allow you to catch glimpses of their knowledge in the form of runes. You can memorize the runes of the Outer Gods to acquire some boons. But you will have to study to memorize the runes given to you. You can only have three runes active at a time  List of Runes: https://bloodborne.wiki.fextralife.com/Caryll+Runes
220. Novice Conceptualization,1.9
#Conceptualization is your ability to understand what shouldn't be, in essence, it is your ability to comprehend the mystical, magical and eldrich. You have an easier time comprehending, understanding and learning mystical and exotic effects but so much above the average person.
221. Intermediate Conceptualization,2.9
#Conceptualization is your ability to understand what is beyond the mundane. You are an intermediate at comprehending the Mystical and Esoteric. You learn and master magic faster, and you are better at understanding the composition of abilities and esoteric effects.
222. Adept Conceptualization,3.9
#Conceptualization is your ability to understand what is beyond the mundane and inexplicable. With this level, your mind probably won't be shattered by hearing the old ones whisper. Magic and Esoteric make more sense to you when you see them, you understand, learn, and develop magic more easily and have a better time understanding the mystical side of reality.
223. Expert Conceptualization,4.8
#Conceptualization is your ability to understand what is beyond mundane reality into the realm of esoterics and mystical. Your mind is more easily able to comprehend arcane mysteries and esoterics. Allowing you to learn and develop things like magic far more easily and possess a great intuition towards the esoteric side of reality.
224. Master Conceptualization,6.2
#Conceptualization is your ability to understand what is below the veil of base reality. You are able to comprehend and understand arcane mysteries and Outer concepts like it is second nature. You are able to understand, dissect, learn and develop magic and mystery to a level that far outstrips most mages. You could hold a conversation with the old ones and even translate their words into runes with training if you were to ever hear them or use their words to break the minds of others.
225. Divine Conceptualization,9.0
#You have achieved true conceptualization, your mind is wired differently from those of mortals and immortals. Understanding magic and mystery is not any harder than regular math or reading words on a paper. You could instinctively use magic and due to your natural understanding of the stars, you can call upon the powers of the Outer Gods, and use their words to bend reality around with enough practice. It would not be wrong to consider you an infant Outer God.
226. Somas Winemaking,5.1
#Danmachi - You are as great at making wine and other alcoholic products as the god Soma. But you still need experimentation to figure out the wines you can make with the resources. Even god does not succeed every time.
227. Quickening,4.7
#Bloodborne - You have mastered the Quickening Technique of the Old Hunters, allowing you to briefly dash forward with incredible speed while shrouding your form in arcane fog to obscure your movements. This can put quite a strain on the stamina and energy.
228. Edna Mode,3.8
#Incredibles - You are not a simple fashionista baby, you are THE fashionista. You are a master of designing clothes and costumes; if someone needs a costume, they come to YOU. Your skill in creating costumes can be compared to a Tinker even because you are just THAT good.
229. Salt Distillation,0.1
#You are skilled at extracting salt from sources of water or tears.
230. Prana Bindu,4.8
#Dune - You are learned in the ways of Prana Bindu, allowing you to train in controlling your body beyond human levels. From controlling how your individual muscles move, to controlling individual strands and eventually, with enough training, controlling your very own nerves and bioelectrical signals.
231. Novice Communication,1.2
#Communication is the ability to better understand what others mean and how fo convey your thoughts effectively. At a novice level, you may not be that much better than the regular person, but at least you know how to properly communicate with people, which is a strangely rare skill these days.
232. Intermediate Communication,2.3
#You are skilled at understanding others and conveying your own intent through words and actions. Allowing you to better discern the emotions behind their words and make yourself understood to people who otherwise have a hard time understanding you.
233. Adept Communication,3.6
#You are greatly skilled at communicating, understanding others and conveying your intentions. You can make yourself understood to basically anyone; you could even communicate through exclusively body language and still be understood. You are able to pick up on the intents and emotions of people easily through their body language, tone of voice, slight shakes as they speak, etc. it is difficult to hide their intention in front of you unless they are something like a trained spy.
234. Expert Communication,4.6
#You are an expert in communication. You can always convey what you mean to anyone, be it the stupidest human or the lowliest beast; you can even live your life through gestures and not be misunderstood. You can tell when people lie and understand their true intentions by cold reading them; they don't even have to talk, you can understand what they want and what they feel just by extreme cold reading.
235. Master Communication,5.2
#You are the absolute master in communication, to the point where it borders magic. You may not understand what language they speak, but you can read their intent and emotions from a simple glance enough to basically mind-read them. And you always know how to perfectly convey what you mean, you can convey a hundred words with a single nod, talk to animals and make them understand you, or perfectly convey just how badly you will hurt or love someone.
236. Novice Persuasion,1.9
#Persuasion is your skill in convincing people. At novice rank you are slightly better than the average person at appealing your case and trying to convince people with words.
237. Intermediate Persuasion,2.7
#You are skilled in convincing people, with your words or actions, like a used car salesman or a lawyer. You have a decent feel for what words would resonate with the type of person you're speaking with.
238. Adept Persuasion,3.9
#You are a skilled talker for sure, you are well-trained in the art of convincing people with your words and actions. Being able to present yourself in ways that make you easier to believe and knowing to make people better believe what you are what you are saying to them. You would make a damn fine politician.
239. Expert Persuasion,4.8
#You are an expert in the art of Persuasion, having a great feel for what words are more effective on what types of people, being able to far more easily sway them with your words and actions. You are skilled enough to persuade people to do things they would otherwise not be willing to do.
240. Master Persuasion,6.2
#You have mastered the art of Persuasion, the ability to convince people and make them see what you see. You are among the best talkers in history, you have an almost supernatural awareness of what words and actions work best on which people. But beware, no matter how skilled you are, some people just cannot be made to listen.
241. Novice Ninjutsu,2.0
#You have passed very basic Ninja Training, although you cannot be considered an actual ninja by any means, you have the basic training. You know how to handle most knives and swords enough to not cut yourself, have a basic grasp on acrobatics, moving around sneakily and using tools in battle.
242. Intermediate Ninjutsu,3.8
#You are a Ninja, although more around the rank of a Ninja grunt. You are able to handle throwing weapons, knives and swords with relative skill. And you are also decent at sneaking around and performing feats of acrobatics and espionage. Your training allows you to use tools in combat with more finesse.
243. Adept Ninjutsu,4.5
#You are a real ninja, not just a footman, but a fully fledged Ninja. You are able to skillfully handle thrown weapons, bladed weapons and engage in hand-to-hand combat. You are also a skilled acrobat and can mask your sounds and presence fairly effectively. You have great proficiency in using tools in the midst of combat. Although not a match against another Adept in any one of those fields, your skills make you a formidable Ninja.
244. Expert Ninjutsu,5.2
#You are a true Expert Ninja, with skills that have been polished to a honed edge. You can handle thrown weapons, bladed weapons with great efficiency and engage in unarmed combat with the same level of skill, focusing on quick and brutal decisive strikes. Your real skill in combat shines when using tools to supplement your fighting style. Your Agility and Acrobatics are incredible, being able to aim dodge bullets even with base human stats and parkour as naturally as if you were walking, and your stealth makes you a shadow in the night, suppressing your presence, blending into the background and leaving no tracks are like second nature to you. Most would be hard-pressed to spot you. Although not a match against another Expert in any one of those fields, your skills make you a formidable Ninja. The influx of skills may take some time and training to digest.
245. Master Ninjutsu,6.4
#You are a Master Ninja, having achieved mastery over several crafts to have honed your skills to incredible levels. You are able to expertly utilise Thrown Weapons, Tools, Bladed Weapons, and Unarmed Combat to achieve a very lethal style of combat that only other masters can match. You are an expert at acrobatics and stealth, being able to hide your presence from all but the most vigilant eyes and blend in with your environment. You move with utmost efficiency and grace. Although not a match against another Master in any one of those fields, your skills make you a formidable Ninja. The influx of skills may take some time and training to digest.
246. Mixology,1.8
#You have the skills of a well-trained mixologist and bartender. You know how to mix most drinks and come up with your own alcohol combinations that taste great, as well as managing a bar and dealing with drunk people.
247. Begging,2.4
#You are very skilled at throwing your dignity away and begging people for things. Get on the ground on all fours and start crying, and you could get most people to think you are pitiful enough to grant your request. Who needs dignity when you can beg people for free things? People are more receptive to your begging, and it is easier to get people to accept your requests this way. Warning: Effects are heavily dependent on the type of individual; works especially well against soft-hearted people.
248. Architecture,1.8
#You are very skilled at the craft of Architecture, designing buildings and structures that both look good and hold up well. You could design entire cities, well, minus the infrastructure. But you could still easily get a job as an architect.
249. Litigation,2.5
#You have the skills of an experienced lawyer, having a great grasp on the laws of the world, country and city you are in, to the point where you can easily defend yourself or a client in their local court of law. If someone has a problem, they'd better call you.
250. Gooning,2.3
#You are skilled at the art of gooning, that is, being a low-rank thug for a boss. You know how to shake people down for money, intimidate someone for their wallet, and have novice-level skill in wielding knives, pistols and fighting unarmed. You can also use a Brooklyn accent at will. You could easily score a low-ranking job in any organised crime organisation.
251. Cosplayer,2.3
#You are very skilled in cosplaying and dressing up. You can also sew well enough to create convincing cosplay outfits and outfits in general, but you are better at making clothes you have seen before. People may even mistake you for someone else if you cosplay as a real person.
252. Servitude,2.8
#You are one hell of a Maid/Butler, having great skill in housekeeping, manners and many manners of servitude. You can clean, keep track of schedules, remember people's preferences, you know how to present yourself in a professional yet approachable manner and overall are experienced in all skills that would be needed by someone in the profession.
253. Aura Farming,2.1
#You are skilled at presenting yourself in ways that are ""cool"" and ""badass"". You have a unique for spotting instances and timings to ""farm aura"", interjecting at just the perfect moment, making a dramatic entrance, standing on top of a ledge with your back turned as your cape flutters majestically, producing a crisp dap. You are also skilled at not seeming ""uncool"" such as avoiding tripping, stuttering, if you mess up you will have a better time at recovering to not lose your ""Aura"".
254. Fishman Karate,5.0
#One Piece - You have the knowledge of Fishman Karate, the unique martial art invented by Fishmen that allows them to manipulate water offensively alongside martial arts. You can use preexisting water to enhance the power of your blows, disrupt the fluids inside your opponent with your hits or transmit the power of your fists through the moisture in the air. You begin as a White Belt in the air and can train yourself to reach higher mastery.
255. Clowning Around,1.1
#You are a graduate from Clown College, you know how to tell lame jokes, entertain kids, make balloon animals, fit in comically small cars, apply humorous makeup, and other such skills needed by a professional clown.
256. Novice Spycraft,2.1
#You are trained to be a Spy, not good enough to be considered a proper one, but enough to benefit from the training. You know how to better eavesdrop on people, how to mask your feelings better, deceive people, use disguises and deduce what people are thinking. You can also use guns and knives without killing yourself. You are no match for anyone actually trained in those fields, but the experience makes you better than the average man.
257. Intermediate Spycraft,3.4
#You are properly trained to be a fully fledged spy, not the best among them or even great, but enough to qualify. You can eavesdrop on conversations better, know how to snoop for information far better, how to interrogate someone, how to deceive people, how to use a disguise and how to engage in combat if the need arises using Knives and Guns. You are not a match for a fellow intermediate in any one of those skills, but they make you a decent spy nonetheless.
258. Adept Spycraft,4.6
#You are a real spy, the kind that would infiltrate other countries and make Bonds James proud. You are skilled at gathering information, infiltrating places, acting, masking your real emotions, effectively using disguises, reading people, and if need be, you can handle yourself well in combat using Knives, Guns and Hand-to-Hand Combat. While not a match for a fellow adepts in any one of those skills, but they make you an effective spy.
259. Expert Spycraft,5.3
#You are an Expert Spy, the kind that would make Loid Forger proud. You are greatly skilled at gathering information, infiltration, acting, maintaining your calm, enduring stress, disguising, cold reading people and if the need arises, you are plenty skilled in combat using Unarmed, Knives and Guns. While not a match for a fellow adept in any one of those skills, they make you a great spy nonetheless.
260. Master Spycraft,6.2
#You are a Master Spy, among the best there is. You are an expert in gathering information,  infiltration, deception, acting, maintaining your cool, disguising, acting, cold reading people, and in the need for it, you are an expert combatant in using Unarmed, Knives and Guns. While not a match for a fellow master in any single one of those skills, they make you a master spy nonetheless.
261. Stylist,1.7
#You have the skill of a skilled hair stylist, enough to get employed by celebrities and nobles, you know how to style hair and make it look good like it's second nature to you.
262. Cheer,3.1
#You have a natural knack for giving motivation and cheering people up. You have a feel for what words someone wants to hear right now and what to do to cheer them up or get them out of a slump. You'd also be one hell of a cheerleader.
263. Novice Fine Arts,1.4
#You are a novice artist, someone who pursues fine arts, having a beginner level of skill in most arts such as Painting, Engraving, Sketching, Sculpting, etc., and in general have some skill in making things more aesthetically pleasing. But it would be a stretch to call you a real artist.
264. Intermediate Fine Arts,2.4
#You have the skills of a professional Fine Artist, having a good level of skill in most fine arts such as Drawing, Painting, Sketching, Sculpting, Engraving, etc., and in general the art of making things more aesthetically pleasing. You could probably get a job like a painter, illustrator, sculptor without much hassle, but you wouldn't exactly stand out.
265. Adept Fine Arts,3.2
#You have the skills of an experienced Senior Artist, having a great deal of skill in most fine arts such as Drawing, Painting, Sketching, Sculpting, Engraving, etc., and in general, the art of making things more aesthetically pleasing comes naturally to you. You could easily get a job in the arts; if these were the medieval times, most nobles would hire your services.
266. Expert Fine Arts,4.5
#You have the skills of an Expert Renowned Artist, having impressive skill in most fine arts such as Drawing, Painting, Sketching, Sculpting, Engraving, etc., and in general, the art of making things more aesthetically pleasing comes naturally to you. Your works of art would be put in a museum and sell for great amounts of money at auctions, you have the skills to make paintings that evoke great emotion and sculptures that almost look alive. If these were the medieval times, Nobles would line up for your services, and your name would go down in history.
267. Master Fine Arts,5.4
#You have the skills of a true Master Artist. Having incredible, almost supernatural skill in most fine arts, Drawing, Painting, Sketching, Sculpting, Engraving, etc., and in general, the art of making things more aesthetically pleasing comes naturally to you. Given some time and inspiration, you can produce masterpieces; you instinctively know what kind of aesthetics appeals to what kinds of people, how to pour your thoughts and emotions into your works, and create art that can shake the hearts of even the sternest art critics. You would most likely be renowned as one of the greatest in art history. And you are the exact kind of person they speak in legends of gods being pissy about mortals beating them in a game of skill and cursing them.
268. Farming,1.9
#You have extensive farming knowledge and skills that can compete with the most experienced of farmers, including how to maintain a farm, care for livestock, know how to maintain soil, etc.
269. Sign Language,0.8
#You know how to use the basic sign language of this world as well as you can speak your native language.
270. Mental Image Blocking,1.9
#Batman - You have learned a technique to block out mind readers and telepaths by masking your real thoughts with conjured mental images, taught to you by the ever-elusive Tibetan Monks
271. Mind Control Resistance,3.1
#Batman - Thanks to the teachings of the Tibetan Monks you have learned how to resist Mind Control and Mind Reading. The amount of resistance you can put up is proportional to your mental strength and overall power level.
272. Army Breaker,4.1
#Strike it Rich - Rikudou: Army Breaker is a specialized martial art that has its basis in Karate movements. Emphasizing the weight of the arms, shifting of one's center of balance, and relaxation to deliver blows fast as whips yet heavy as hammers, a skilled enough human can even cut down to bone with a single blow. With enough practice, the user can control their own joints to elongate their arm further and increase the power behind the attacks called "Dawn".
273. Kaiwan Style,5.2
#Kengan Ashura - You are an apprentice in the Kaiwan Style, an assassination Martial art that has roots in multiple martial arts, mainly in Karate. Practice of it requires knowledge of the nervous system, pressure points, and Qigong. Although simplistic from the outside, this martial art focuses on direct strikes perfected with timing as well as great control over the body. The main move is Devil Lance, which is a direct spear-like strike that possesses great power but requires superhuman conditioning to use properly. Skilled enough users can use "Motionless" to predict the next moves of their opponents and strike their open spots.
274. The Niko Style,6.1
#Kengan Ashura - You are an apprentice in the Niko Style. A compilation of various "Kata's" that require great control of one's body and a lot of skill and practice. The Adamantine Kata focuses on tightening and bracing one's muscles to deliver powerful blows and withstand attacks. The Flame Kata focuses on dodging, footwork, and agility. The Redirection Kata focuses on shifting and parrying the blows of other opponents. The Water Kata focuses on binds and holds. One can combine all 4 Kata's principles into Demonsbane, a devastating strike, but it requires immense skill to use properly. The secret techniques of Possessing Spirit allow one to speed up their heartbeat to extreme levels to improve their physical performance, while Fallen Demon allows one to forcefully slow down perception of time, but both of these techniques can damage the user.
275. Possessing Spirit,3.1
#Kengan Ashura - Otherwise referred to as "Advance" allows one to speed up their heartbeat and blood flow to massively increase their performance, but can cause difficulty in controlling one's Bloodlust, which can be trained. First Gear increases one's physical performance and makes it harder to control themselves. Second Gear further increases physical performance, but induces bloodlust in the user and lowers their self-control. Third Gear increases their heartbeat and blood flow to inhuman levels, making one appear to be almost possessed by a demon, massively amplifying their physical performance and their bloodlust while suppressing their sense of pain, but it is likely to cause permanent damage without intervention. The drawbacks of this technique are that it can damage the user's heart, veins, and other organs due to the immense strain placed on them and the inhuman blood flow.
276. Kaolan Style,4.7
#Kengan Ashura - You are an apprentice in the Kaolan Style. An all-rounder striking technique that combines aspects of both Muay Thai and Boxing, invented by the genius boxer Kaolan Wongsavat. This style focuses on adaptability, power, and speed to overpower opponents and overwhelm them with quick strikes while being able to respond to most moves. The standout move of this style is 'Flash' which focuses on throwing a hail of flicker jabs at great speeds in a single breath to overwhelm opponents. And its most powerful move is "God Blow", a straight punch thrown at incredible speeds with similar principle that is so fast it can hurt the users arm if thrown improperly.
277. Lingshu Chin Na,3.0
#Kengan Ashura - You are a practitioner of the Lingsu Chin Na, a special Chinese martial arts style based around striking the acupoints of the opponent to deliver debilitating blows without the need for greater strength. Using knowledge of the human body, the user lands quick and precise finger jabs towards the acupoints to debilitate the target with each strike, making it incredibly effective and deadly when used properly. But the further a target's biology deviates from human biology, the harder the martial art will be to use without studying.
278. Kujin Style,2.7
#Kengan Ashura - The Kujin style is a martial arts style developed in Japan to counter heavily armored or lumbering large opponents. The main technique of this style is based around throws, sweeps, and trips to get the opponent to the ground and then finish them off while they are on the ground with powerful blows. But may struggle against more traditional martial arts.
279. Martial Foresight,4.1
#Kengan Ashura - The Foresight is a technique developed by skilled fighters. It is a skill that allows one to predict a target's moves to dodge and counter them through quick analysis and instinct. Your Foresight is quite basic, and will require actual fights to train and develop.
280. Novice Arms Mastery,2.9
#You are able to handle all conventional weapons, ranging from knives to swords to axes to polearms to guns to bows to even chained weapons and clubs with basic proficiency, enough to have some familiarity and know how it's used.
281. Intermediate Arms Mastery,3.9
#You are able to handle all conventional weapons, ranging from knives to swords to axes to polearms to guns to bows to even chained weapons and clubs with notable proficiency, enough to match a general practitioner of the weapon and wield them effectively.
282. Adept Arms Mastery,4.9
#You are able to handle all conventional weapons, ranging from knives to swords to axes to polearms to guns to bows to even chained weapons and clubs with great skill, enough to match most dedicated practitioners in skill.
283. Expert Arms Mastery,5.9
#You are able to handle all conventional weapons, ranging from knives to swords to axes to polearms to guns to bows to even chained weapons and clubs with incredible skill enough to match real experts who have specialize in those weapons.
284. Master Arms Mastery,6.9
#You have mastery over all conventional and non-conventional weapons, ranging from knives, billhooks, boomerangs, swords, whips, etc. Any weapon you lay your hands on, you can use as if you have been using it all your life, and you can easily recognize and dissect other Weapon Arts you may witness. Mastery over Weapons in general gives you incredible martial prowess.
285. Novice Total Concentration Breathing,2.4
#Demon Slayer - You are a novice of the Total Concentration Breathing technique, a specialized breathing technique that allows you to increase the concentration of oxygen in your blood and activate your muscles better, giving you a superhuman physique as long as you maintain the breathing. As a novice, you only have the know-how to perform the very basics of the technique. But it can be improved with practice.
286. Intermediate Total Concentration Breathing,3.6
#Demon Slayer - You are learned in the way of the Total Concentration Breathing technique, a specialized breathing technique that allows you to increase the concentration of oxygen in your blood and activate your muscles better, giving you a superhuman physique as long as you maintain the breathing. As an intermediate, you can perform the technique well enough to actively maintain it during combat. But it can be improved with practice.
287. Adept Total Concentration Breathing,4.4
#Demon Slayer - You are an adept in the way of the Total Concentration Breathing technique, a specialized breathing technique that allows you to increase the concentration of oxygen in your blood and activate your muscles better, giving you a superhuman physique as long as you maintain the breathing. As an adept, you can easily maintain the breathing technique during a fight without additional strain and even use maintain it during daily life as long as you are not exhausted or excessively distracted. You can also use this technique to stop your own bleeding and increase your recovery speed.
288. Expert Total Concentration Breathing,5.3
#Demon Slayer - You are an expert in the way of the Total Concentration Breathing technique, a specialized breathing technique that allows you to increase the concentration of oxygen in your blood and activate your muscles better, allowing the user to exert superhuman physical performance. As an Expert on par with a Hashira, you have achieved Total Concentration Breathing - Constant, making it so that you maintain this breathing technique even when sleeping. In addition, you can use this breathing technique to forcefully close wounds, expel poison, and speed up your recovery.
289. Pre-Initiative,5.4
#Kengan Ashura - Pre-Initiative is a more advanced version of a regular fighter's foresight; it is the ability to know an enemy's move before they even use it and counter it before they even throw it. This is achieved through extensive familiarity with martial arts and analyzing the opponent's fighting style. Although it requires quite a lot of training and sparring to master, as well as familiarity with a lot of different fighting styles, a master of Pre-Initiative can seem almost Omniscient during a fight against a lesser opponent after exchanging only a few moves.
290. Reduced Earth,3.4
#Fate - Reduced earth is a special movement technique that allows the user to cover a short distance with a single extremely fast movement through a mix of practiced breathing, footwork, and exertion. But this technique is quite exhausting to use.
291. Ryu's Shotokan,5.7
#Street Fighter - You are a practitioner of the Shotokan, a school of special Karate created by Ryu. This school of martial arts focuses on direct, powerful strikes with a mix of kicks and punches, mixing aggression and defense. With enough practice, one may be able to tap into the [Kyoi no Hado] and harness Ki to enhance the power of their blows, perform special techniques, and use the Hadoken.
292. Akuma's Shotokan,6.2
#Street Fighter - You are a practitioner of the Shotokan, a school of special Karate created by Akuma. This school of martial arts focuses on direct, powerful strikes with a mix of kicks and punches, focusing on brutal aggression and offense. With enough practice, one may be able to tap into the [Satsui no Hado] and harness raw killing as Ki to enhance their body, imbue Ki into their strikes, transform their inner energy into dark flame like Ki, use the Gohadoken and take on a more demonic form to further increase their powers, but overuse without control can lead to the user losing control of themselves and turning into a demon. One needs to practice great skill and control to not lose themselves and master it.
293. The Shotokan,6.3
#Street Fighter - You are a practitioner of the Shotokan, a school of special Karate created by Goutetsu. This school of martial arts focuses on direct, powerful strikes with a mix of kicks and punches, but the real heart of the martial arts is the Satsui and the Kyoi no Hado, symbolizing Dark and Light. As one practices this martial art, they may be able to awaken and practice one of the Hado to tap into the full power of this martial art and be able to reinforce their strikes with Ki and release energy waves to supplement their fighting style.
294. Master Total Concentration Breathing,6.1
#Demon Slayer - You have completely mastered Total Concentration Breathing technique, a specialized breathing technique that allows you to increase the concentration of oxygen in your blood and activate your muscles better, giving you exceptional physical performance and allowing you to use your body to its utmost potential. Having mastered the Technique, you can maintain this style as easily as regular breathing. In addition, your mastery means that as long as you maintain the breathing, your recovery speeds are sped up.
295. Dapping,0.2
#You are a master at dapping up people effectively, whether it's judging dap up distance, or producing a satisfying crispy dap regardless of the other parties skill or constition.
296. Boggarts Boiling Brilliance,1.4
#Elden Ring - You have learned the art of boiling some mean crab, prawn, and crustations in general with great skill on the level of the great Big Boggart. While your crab might be the magical ones from the Lands Between, it will taste spectacular nonetheless.
297. Hacking,2.5
#You are skilled at leveraging your skills to get into networks and get past digitized and cyber defenses.
298. Odachi Proficiency,3.2
#You are highly skilled in wielding the odachi, the massive Japanese longsword favored by samurai. Your reach is monstrous and your cleaving power immense, though confined spaces and quick draws are your greatest enemies.
299. Abacomancy,2.8
#You can read the past, present and future by interpreting patterns in sand, dust, ash and other small particles. Useful for divining answers and finding lost things, though deciphering the patterns takes time and you need a steady supply of loose grains.
300. Ability Teaching,4.6
#You have a natural gift for training and instructing others in the use of supernatural powers and abilities. Anything you understand, you can teach. Students still require time to learn and will eventually plateau at the peak of their own potential.
307. Absorption Sword Proficiency,4.5
#You are a master of wielding swords made of or imbued with absorption, capable of leveraging the blade's draining nature for both offense and defense. The flavor of absorption shapes the swordsmanship; a soul-drinker fights very differently from an elemental-eater.
308. Abstract Strategy Game Mastery,4.6
#You are an unparalleled master of abstract strategy games (chess, go, shogi, xiangqi, chaturanga and all their cousins) playing each one with perfect skill, technique and timing. Your strategic mind extends beyond the board, sharpening your sense for any situation that can be reduced to position and tempo.
309. Accelerated Art Prowess,2.3
#You can create art, paintings, drawings, sculptures and the like, at impressive speed. Quality still depends on your underlying talent, but you can produce in an afternoon what would take others weeks.
311. Accordion Combat,1.4
#You know how to use an accordion as a makeshift weapon, swinging it, bashing with it, and using its bellows in creative ways. Unfortunately accordions are not particularly durable, so expect to go through several.
312. Accordion Mastery,2.0
#You are a true master of the accordion, capable of playing any piece on it with effortless skill and emotional depth. You can charm a tavern, lead a parade, or make a stranger weep with a single melody.
313. Accounting Mastery,3.2
#You are the ultimate accountant. Recording, summarizing, analyzing and reporting financial transactions is second nature to you, your books are always perfect, and you can spot fraud or inefficiency in a ledger at a glance. Tax season holds no fear for you.
316. Acoustics Mastery,3.5
#You are a master of acoustics, the science of producing, controlling, transmitting, and receiving sound and vibrations. You can design rooms with perfect sound, identify the source of any noise, and intuitively understand how to manipulate any auditory environment to your advantage.
318. Actuary Mastery,2.6
#You are a master actuary, able to instinctively assess risk and uncertainty using mathematics, statistics and financial theory. You can predict the financial impact of future events with eerie accuracy, making you invaluable to any business or government willing to listen.
319. Acultomancy,2.8
#You can perform divination through needles, casting them and reading the patterns to glimpse the past, present or future. Visions take time and concentration to form, and predictions are not set in stone, sometimes coming to pass in unexpected ways.
320. Acupuncture Needle Proficiency,2.3
#You are a master of wielding acupuncture needles, both for traditional medicinal purposes and as throwing weapons. In your hands a tiny needle can be as deadly as a knife if it lands on the right pressure point.
324. Adaptive Sword Proficiency,4.6
#You are a master of wielding swords infused with or made of pure adaptive force. Both offensively and defensively the blade reacts to its opponent and changes its properties accordingly, and your swordsmanship complements its evolving nature seamlessly.
325. Administration Mastery,4.2
#You are a master administrator, able to optimize any bureaucracy, organization or resource pool to its absolute peak efficiency. Paperwork bends to your will, supply chains untangle themselves, and you instinctively know the most beneficial allocation of every resource at hand.
327. Aerial Arts,4.7
#You are trained in the Aerial Arts, a specialized fighting system built around aerial movement and combat. You can launch attacks from elevated angles, evade with effortless grace and exploit verticality in any battle. Requires some form of flight to truly shine.
328. Aerial Combat Mastery,4.5
#You are a master of combat while flying, gliding or levitating, perfectly comfortable trading blows in three-dimensional space. Your spatial awareness, movement and aim mid-air are second to none. Useless against Flight Negation.
329. Aerobatics,2.7
#You can perform impressive aerobatic stunts mid-flight, including loops, corkscrews, barrel rolls, hummingbird-style reverse hovering and tight turns. Requires some form of flight to actually use, and you may get dizzy if you overdo it.
330. Aerokinetic Claw Proficiency,3.6
#You are highly skilled in wielding claws of pure air or claws infused with wind, slicing through enemies with cutting currents and pressure-blasted strikes. Your claws can break, and the proficiency does not transfer to other weapon types.
331. Aerokinetic Knife Proficiency,2.8
#You are a master of fighting with knives and daggers made from compressed wind or infused with air. Larger blades feel awkward in your hands, and the skill does nothing for your stealth approach.
332. Aerokinetic Ninjutsu,4.2
#You are a trained ninja whose entire art is built around air manipulation, blending traditional shinobi techniques of espionage, acrobatics and assassination with wind-based weapons, gusts and pressure techniques. Distance and precision scale with your aerokinetic strength.
333. Aerokinetic Shuriken Proficiency,2.5
#You are highly skilled at wielding and throwing shuriken made of pure wind or infused with air, able to curve their paths mid-flight. A decent shield or blade can still swat them down.
334. Aerokinetic Sword Proficiency,3.4
#You are a master swordsman wielding blades of pure compressed wind or air-infused steel. The longer the duel drags on, the harder it gets to maintain the blade's edge without an outside hilt to anchor it.
335. Aerospace Engineering Mastery,4.8
#You are a perfect master of aerospace engineering, able to design, build and test aircraft, spacecraft, propulsion systems and orbital hardware with flawless intuition. Aerodynamics, materials science and control systems all feel as natural to you as breathing, although you still need the resources to actually build what you imagine.
337. Aether Sword Proficiency,5.7
#You are a master at wielding a sword of pure Aether or one infused with it, fighting with the grace and skill of a celestial swordsman. Depending on the type of Aether channeled through the blade, you can cleave through divine defenses, sever spiritual connections, or unleash cascading waves of quintessential energy with each swing.
341. Agriculture Mastery,3.6
#You possess intuitive mastery over every agricultural skill and technique. You can perfectly grow any crop or raise any livestock without flaw, even those that should not exist in your climate. A king among farmers.
342. Aikido Mastery,4.0
#You are a master of Aikido, the martial art of redirecting an opponent's momentum through throws and wristlocks. You can subdue and incapacitate enemies far stronger than you without leaving a single bruise on them, turning their force against itself.
343. Aim Dodging,5.5
#One Piece - You can avoid linear attacks like bullets and lasers by simply moving out of their path before they are even fired. Your reading of intent and trajectory lets you dodge attacks far faster than your own movement speed, but homing attacks and unpredictable projectiles still pose a threat.
344. Air Bow Proficiency,3.3
#You are a master of wielding wind-infused bows, capable of using their air-based properties for both offensive and defensive combat. Your arrows fly true on currents only you can feel, and you can call them back with a thought.
346. Air Guitar Mastery,0.4
#You are a true master of the air guitar. Your riffs and solos are unmatched, your stage presence is legendary, just don't ask you to actually play a real guitar.
350. Alchemy,4.0
#You are a true alchemist, capable of elemental transmutation, brewing potions of healing and rejuvenation, and even creating homunculi given enough time. You may need a workshop, hermetic circles or a focusing item like the Philosopher's Stone, and your effectiveness scales with your knowledge.
353. Alien Combat,4.6
#You possess fighting skills derived from extraterrestrial techniques, mimicking alien movements, martial styles and physiologies in your strikes. Some users learn through Alien Physiology, others through direct training under alien masters.
355. Alien Weaponry Intuition,4.6
#You can instantly wield any alien weapon as if you have been training with it your entire life, regardless of how complex, foreign or counterintuitive its design. Blades from another reality, ballistics from another dimension, artifacts whose function defies physics — all of them feel natural in your hands.
356. Alternative Medicine Arts,3.3
#You are versed in the Alternative Medicine Arts, the holistic and esoteric healing traditions that predate modern medicine: herbal concoctions, energy channeling, prayer and occult practice. Widely derided as pseudoscience, yet in your hands they actually work, though improper knowledge can cause real harm.
360. Ambush Mastery,4.5
#You are a complete master of conducting ambushes, with perfect instinct for concealment, timing and the element of surprise. You know how to lure enemies into traps, where to lie in wait, and how to strike before your target ever knows you are there. Every ambush you set is executed with flawless technique.
361. Amusement Park Mastery,2.3
#You are a master of running an amusement park. You know how to manage staff, handle inventory, oversee security, plan attractions and keep guests entertained. A very specific skillset, but a profitable one.
362. Anatomical Arts,4.8
#You are a practitioner of the Anatomical Arts, a martial system based around exploiting the human body. You can kill with a single touch by hitting fatal points, inflict unbearable pain or pleasure with surgical precision, or improve a target's fitness through the smallest of adjustments.
363. Anatomical Mastery,4.5
#You are a master of anatomy and bodily function. You can gauge a target's health and injuries with a glance, exploit pressure points to incapacitate, kill targets by striking weak points, inflict precise pain or pleasure, and treat wounds with the skill of a top surgeon.
364. Anatomical Weapon Proficiency,3.2
#You are a master of wielding bodies, organs and limbs as weapons. A severed arm becomes a club, a spinal column becomes a whip, a ribcage becomes a shield. Grim work, but devastating in the right hands.
365. Anchor Proficiency,2.6
#You are a master of using anchors as weapons in combat. You can swing them, throw them and wield them with terrifying precision regardless of size or weight. A niche weapon, but one most opponents will never have trained against.
370. Angelology Mastery,3.6
#You are a master angelologist, instinctively understanding the ranks, anatomy, behavior, weaknesses, and origins of angels of every tradition. When facing an angelic being, you can quickly deduce what it is, how it fights, and how to negotiate with or oppose it.
374. Animal Training Mastery,3.0
#You are a master of training animals, capable of teaching any beast specific responses to specific stimuli for companionship, protection, detection or performance. With enough patience you can train creatures most would consider untrainable, including some non-human supernatural beings.
375. Animalistic Combat,4.2
#You can fight by mimicking animals, brawling with the brutality of a bear, the speed of a cheetah, the flexibility of a snake and the ferocity of a tiger all in the same flurry. Unfortunately, an opponent who recognizes your patterns can predict your next move.
376. Animalistic Defense,3.5
#You possess defensive techniques enhanced by animal mimicry, blocking, parrying and dodging with the abilities of beasts. The shell of a turtle, the evasiveness of a rabbit, the counterstrike of a snake.
377. Animation Mastery,3.0
#You are a master of animation in all its forms, from 2D and 3D to anime, donghua and stop motion. You know everything about directing, editing, sound design, voice acting, storyboarding, scripting, special effects and the history of the craft. A one-person studio if you have the time.
378. Anomalistics Mastery,3.6
#You are a master of anomalistics, the rigorous scientific study of anomalies, oddities and the unexplained. You can investigate paranormal claims with proper methodology, separate genuine phenomena from delusion or fraud, and understand the psychological and cultural factors that distort reports. An invaluable skill for anyone trying to make sense of a chaotic supernatural world.
379. Ansatsuken Mastery,5.1
#Street Fighter - You are a master of ansatsuken, the assassination fist, any martial art developed specifically with the purpose of killing. Every strike you throw is engineered to end a life, and you instinctively understand the lethal vulnerabilities of any anatomy you encounter. The Satsui no Hado is a known risk.
380. Anthropology Mastery,3.5
#You are a master anthropologist, capable of understanding cultures, traditions and customs at a glance. You can pick up on social hierarchies, etiquette and unspoken rules of any society you encounter, and you have an encyclopedic knowledge of human history, folklore and oral tradition.
387. Anti-Magic Sword Proficiency,4.4
#You are a master of wielding swords made of or infused with anti-magic, either innately or through training. Combined with such a blade you become an extraordinary mage-killer, able to cut through wards, sever spells mid-cast and parry magical attacks with practiced ease.
388. Anti-Power Arts,5.2
#You are trained in the Anti-Power Arts, a specialised system of techniques built around counteracting supernatural abilities. Whether the target is a being, material or force, you can degrade, negate or strip its powers using practiced forms. Unlike raw negation, this is a disciplined martial system that trains both body and mind.
389. Anti-Power Sword Proficiency,5.0
#You are a master swordsman of anti-power blades, swords forged of or infused with power-negating energy. Each strike from you can suppress, dampen or strip a target's abilities, and your trained intuition lets you read which powers a foe is using and counter them mid-duel.
390. Anti-Spell Arts,5.7
#You are trained in the Anti-Spell Arts, a specialized discipline of techniques designed to destabilize, destroy and negate magical phenomena. Through gestures, expressions and ritual objects, you can unravel spells and dispel enchantments that would take other anti-mages weeks to break.
393. Antimatter Arts,5.9
#You are trained in the Antimatter Arts, a specialized discipline focused on the cultivation and manipulation of antimatter. The techniques cover offense, defense and even healing, although improper handling can result in catastrophic annihilation events centered on yourself.
395. Antiparticle Arts,6.0
#You are trained in the Antiparticle Arts, a specialized system of techniques built around the manipulation of antiparticles such as positrons, antineutrinos and anti-gravitons. With it you can generate antimatter, enhance your physical abilities, and induce a variety of opposing-charge effects. Lack of proper knowledge can lead to dangerous backlash.
397. Antithetical Arts,6.5
#You are trained in the Antithetical Arts, a specialized system of techniques based around opposing powers, whether creation and destruction, life and death, light and darkness, or yin and yang. By controlling two opposing aspects simultaneously you gain power that vastly exceeds the sum of its parts. Wielding two opposing forces can be overwhelming if you lack proper grounding.
398. Apocalyptic Arts,7.6
#You have trained in the Apocalyptic Arts, a martial discipline built around channelling cataclysmic forces - the same powers that end worlds, refined into techniques you can unleash at will. Your level of devastation scales with your mastery, and lacking proper knowledge can cause your own techniques to consume you.
400. Appendage Locomotion,2.3
#You can move just as fast and easily on any of your bendable appendages as you can on your feet, whether that be your hands, your tail, your wings, or any other prehensile part. Cartwheeling away from danger or running on your arms is just as natural as walking.
401. Appliance Proficiency,2.2
#You are a master of wielding household appliances as weapons, whether ovens, fans, microwaves or washing machines. In your hands a blender becomes a deadly tool and a vacuum cleaner becomes a means of war. Strange but devastating in the right circumstances.
402. Aqua Pack Proficiency,2.8
#You are highly skilled with aqua packs, using them for long-distance leaps, flight, elevation, and even weaponizing the water as a means of attack. Just be careful not to run out of fuel water mid-flight, or you may fall to your death.
403. Aquabatics,2.1
#You can perform underwater acrobatic stunts, from corkscrews and barrel rolls to backwards swimming and impossible loops. You move through the water like a dancer, although the spinning may leave you dizzy or disoriented if you push too far.
404. Archaeology Mastery,3.0
#You are a master of archaeology, capable of unearthing the secrets of the past through excavation and the analysis of artifacts. You can intuit the customs, behaviors and survival methods of long-dead peoples and even extinct creatures, and lost histories tend to reveal themselves to you.
405. Archetype Arts,6.2
#You are trained in the Archetype Arts, a specialized system of techniques drawn from the collective unconscious. By understanding and embodying universal roles and natures, you can channel their powers and tap into the mindscapes that link all individuals. Lack of proper knowledge could turn the Arts back on you.
408. Adept Architecture,3.2
#You are as skilled as a veteran architect, capable of planning, designing, and overseeing the construction of buildings of all kinds. Your structural intuition is impeccable and you can spot weaknesses or design flaws at a glance.
411. Armoring Mastery,3.5
#You are a master armorer, able to design, forge, and repair armor of any style with intuitive ease. From boiled leather to powered exosuits, you understand how to make a body harder to kill.
412. Arms Industry Mastery,3.6
#You are a master of the arms industry, equally at home running a defense contractor or a black market gun-running operation. You have an instinct for weapon supply chains, military procurement, and the kind of handshakes that move crates of rifles across borders.
415. Arnis Mastery,4.0
#You have mastered Arnis, the Filipino martial art of stick, knife, and bladed weapon fighting. You are ambidextrous, treat any weapon as an extension of your body, and can flow seamlessly between armed and empty-hand techniques.
416. Arrow Proficiency,2.4
#You are highly proficient in the use of arrows, knowing exactly how to draw, aim, and loose for maximum effect. You also know how to maintain them and recognize what kind of arrow is best for a given target.
417. Arson Mastery,2.7
#You are a master arsonist, able to set fires that catch quickly, spread the way you want, and resist easy investigation. Less effective in heavy rain or freezing weather.
418. Artificial Arts,5.2
#You have trained in the Artificial Arts, a specialized system of techniques built around synthetic and man-made forces. Through disciplined practice you can channel these artificial forces into martial techniques, defensive forms and supernatural feats that rival those drawn from natural energies.
419. Artificial Element Arts,5.0
#You are trained in the Artificial Element Arts, a specialized martial system built around the cultivation and manipulation of synthetic substances such as glass, rubber, paper and chemicals. You can channel these artificial elements through your body for combat techniques, defensive forms and ranged attacks.
423. Artificial Martial Arts,4.0
#You have become an expert in martial arts through scientific or cybernetic means, with combat training downloaded directly into your body. You possess the muscle memory and instincts of a master fighter without ever stepping into a dojo, although a Crash! could leave you flailing.
424. Artillery Proficiency,3.6
#You are a master of artillery in all its forms, from cannons to howitzers to heavy rocket launchers. You can aim, fire, repair, and even build artillery pieces with expert precision, and your bull's-eye accuracy at extreme range borders on the supernatural.
427. Artisan Mastery,3.6
#You are a flawless artisan, capable of rapidly crafting anything from clothing and jewelry to watches, furniture and entire buildings. Whatever you make is finished to perfection, your hands working with the practiced certainty of a master who has spent a lifetime in the craft.
428. Artistic Arts,4.6
#You practice the Artistic Arts, a system of techniques powered by creative expression. Cooking, music, painting, writing, dancing, any art form can be channelled into supernatural effects. The deeper your skill and insight as an artist, the more potent the techniques you can perform.
430. Artistic Mastery,3.8
#You are a master of all forms of art, from painting and sculpture to dancing, calligraphy, photography and music. You can subconsciously create flawless works simply by picturing them in your mind, your hands carrying out the vision with effortless precision.
431. Artistic Replication,3.9
#You can perfectly recreate any artwork in the exact style of the original artist, down to the brushstrokes, flaws and intricate details. You can even repair or reproduce damaged or lost pieces as if the original creator had done it themselves, no matter how impossible the technique should be.
432. Artistic Weapon Proficiency,3.2
#You are a master of using artistic tools as weapons. A paintbrush in your hands can cast spells, a pencil can pierce armor, an eraser can wipe things away. Whatever artistic implement you wield becomes both weapon and conduit, capable of offense, defense and strange magical effects.
433. Assassination Mastery,4.6
#You are a master assassin, capable of stalking and ending targets with terrifying efficiency. You know how to enter and exit a location unseen, how to kill silently with practically anything in arm's reach, how to disguise a murder as an accident, and how to read a target's routine in a single afternoon.
434. Assault Rifle Proficiency,2.6
#You demonstrate great skill and efficiency with assault rifles of all kinds, knowing how to handle recoil, manage bursts and reload in the blink of an eye. You will still be outclassed by specialists wielding sniper rifles or heavy weaponry at their preferred range.
435. Astral Arts,5.8
#You are trained in the Astral Arts, a specialized system of techniques built around astral power and the subtle body. You can detach your astral self from your physical form, channel etheric essence into strikes, and bridge between physical and spiritual worlds with practiced ease. Requires consciousness and astral access to function.
438. Astrobatics,1.6
#You can perform aerobatic stunts in zero gravity, loops, spins, corkscrews, barrel rolls and all, without the disorientation that would normally come with it. Pretty much useless unless you're actually in space.
439. Astrobiology Mastery,3.2
#You are a master of astrobiology, the study of extraterrestrial life. You instinctively understand the biology, evolution, and habitat requirements of alien organisms, and can deduce the workings of an unfamiliar species after only brief observation.
441. Astronautics Mastery,3.3
#You possess innate knowledge of interstellar exploration. You can pilot any spacecraft with masterful skill, survive in alien environments, and have a keen working knowledge of the cosmos. The perfect skill for someone who actually ends up in space.
442. Astronomy Mastery,3.4
#You are a master of astronomy, with deep understanding of planets, stars, black holes, supernovas, astrophysics, cosmology, and space exploration. You can identify stellar phenomena at a glance and intuitively understand the mechanics of the universe.
443. Athletic Arts,4.0
#You are a practitioner of the Athletic Arts, a discipline grounded in parkour, freerunning, gymnastics, acrobatics, and footwork. Through proper training you can vastly outperform ordinary gymnasts and traceurs, eventually reaching superhuman levels of maneuverability and athletic finesse.
444. Athletic Combat,3.9
#You blend acrobatics and gymnastics with close-quarters combat, using flips, cartwheels, tumbling, pole swings and twists to attack and defend in equal measure. A flashy and unpredictable fighting style that wears you out faster than conventional martial arts.
447. Augury,2.6
#You can perform Augury, the ancient art of divination through birds, their flight patterns, songs, and behaviors. By observing birds you can gain insight into questions, future events, and possibly even glimpse the will of the gods. Works best when you can also understand the language of birds.
448. Aura Arts,5.7
#You are trained in the Aura Arts, a specialized system of techniques centered around manipulating your own life-force aura. Through this you can enhance your physical abilities, perform supernatural feats of combat, project healing energy, and manifest various aura-based effects. Naruto's Chakra, Hunter x Hunter's Nen, and Yu Yu Hakusho's Spirit Energy all fall under this umbrella.
453. Avatar Arts,6.5
#You are trained in the Avatar Arts, the supernatural discipline of incarnating divine or conceptual power into mortal form. By becoming a vessel for an aspect, you can manifest godlike abilities tied to whatever you embody, and with mastery you can hold multiple incarnations at once.
455. Aviation Mastery,3.2
#You are a master pilot, the kind of ace credited with shooting down dozens of enemies in aerial combat. Any aircraft you sit in becomes an extension of your body, though outside the cockpit you are just a regular person.
457. Axe Arts,5.4
#You are a practitioner of the supernatural Axe Arts, a discipline of techniques built around axes and blunt power. Ranging from simple cleaving strikes to chopping the heavens themselves in half, the art bends the axe into something far beyond a woodsman's tool.
458. Axe Combat,3.5
#You can infuse your mastery over axes with your physical combat, weaving cleaves, hooks, and brutal overheads into a fighting style built around the weight and bite of the blade.
459. Axe Proficiency,3.4
#You possess superhuman mastery in wielding axes of all kinds, able to dispatch foes of equal or greater strength with ease. You can deflect projectiles with the flat of the blade and hack through barriers that would shame a regular swordsman.
460. Axe Throwing Mastery,3.1
#You are a master of axe throwing, able to hurl your axe with deadly precision at distant targets. With enough skill, you can even curve its flight midair and call it back to your hand like a boomerang.
461. Badminton Mastery,1.4
#You are a master of badminton, able to send a shuttlecock screaming over the net with pinpoint accuracy. Olympic gold is essentially yours for the taking, but it does not really translate to other situations.
462. Bagh Nakh Proficiency,2.3
#You are a master of the bagh nakh, the Indian tiger-claw weapon. Concealed in your palm, you can shred flesh and clothing with brutal efficiency, and your close-quarters lethality is something most people will never see coming.
463. Bagpipes Mastery,1.6
#You are a master of the bagpipes, capable of playing rousing marches, mournful laments and ear-splitting drones with perfect technique. Whether this is a blessing or a curse depends entirely on your audience.
464. Baguazhang Mastery,4.2
#You are a master of Baguazhang, the circular Chinese martial art. Your footwork flows in endless spirals around your opponent, denying them clean angles of attack while you exploit their momentum and openings. A style built on never being where the strike lands.
465. Baking Mastery,2.8
#You are a master baker. Breads, pastries, cakes, croissants, soufflés - whatever you put into the oven comes out perfect, and your understanding of dough, fermentation and temperature is on par with the world's finest pâtissiers.
466. Balanced Arts,6.2
#You are a practitioner of the Balanced Arts, a system of techniques built around equilibrium between opposing essences - creation and destruction, order and chaos, positive and negative. With proper knowledge, you can readjust universes that have tipped too far in one direction, but lacking knowledge can cause your power to backfire spectacularly.
467. Ball Balancing Mastery,1.7
#You are a master of balancing on balls and other spherical objects. With enough practice you can use a rolling ball as a means of transportation, balancing perfectly on top of it as you cross any terrain that lets a sphere roll.
468. Ball Game Mastery,3.5
#You are a master of every ball sport ever invented. Football, basketball, cricket, tennis, handball, anything that involves a sphere - you instinctively know the perfect movement, technique and timing to dominate. You could go pro in any league on Earth tomorrow.
469. Ball Proficiency,2.2
#You are a master of wielding balls of any kind - baseballs, golf balls, juggling balls, soccer balls - as both tools and weapons. A thrown rock might miss, but a ball in your hand never does.
470. Ballet Combat,4.0
#You can infuse ballet into your physical combat, flowing from one strike to the next with effortless grace and elegance. Your spins become devastating kicks, your leaps carry you across the battlefield, and every movement chains seamlessly into the next. Heavily reliant on the strength of your legs.
471. Ballet Mastery,2.7
#You are a master of ballet in all its forms - classical, Romantic, neoclassical and contemporary. Your technique, grace and stage presence are world-class, and you can perform feats of physical control most dancers spend lifetimes chasing.
472. Ballistic Knife Proficiency,2.6
#You are a master of the ballistic knife, a blade that can be ejected from its handle by trigger or lever and launched several meters at high speed. You never miss your shot, and you know how to follow up the moment the blade leaves your hand.
473. Ballistics Mastery,3.2
#You have a master's understanding of ballistics, the physics of projectiles from launch to flight to terminal impact. You can calculate windage, drop and ricochet on instinct, and you make a terrifying sniper or artillery officer.
474. Balloon Modelling Mastery,1.5
#You are a master balloon artist, capable of twisting and turning balloons into intricate models of swords, animals, dragons or whatever else you can imagine. The kids at the birthday party will worship you.
475. Balloon Proficiency,1.7
#You are a master of weaponizing balloons in combat. The handle, the rubber itself, the helium inside, even the popping noise, you can turn any of it into an effective weapon against an unprepared opponent.
476. Bamboo Proficiency,1.6
#You can wield ordinary bamboo as a makeshift weapon with surprising effectiveness, turning a humble stalk into a respectable staff, spear or club. Bamboo breaks and rots, of course.
477. Bamboo Sword Proficiency,2.6
#You are a master of the shinai, the bamboo sword used in kendo training and friendly competition. Your form is impeccable and your strikes are precise, but a bamboo sword is built for sparring and your killing power is sharply limited.
478. Banishment Arts,4.7
#You are trained in the Banishment Arts, a specialized system of techniques for expelling and exorcising entities, spirits, demons, angels, gods, beasts and even objects from a location or host. With unique gestures, prayers and energies you can eject unwanted forces and restore the affected place to its original state.
481. Banjo Mastery,1.4
#You are a master of the banjo and related instruments. You can pluck out a tune that gets a whole bar stomping along, and your fingers move on the strings as if they have been doing it all your life.
482. Banking Mastery,2.6
#You are the ultimate banker, able to hold, lend, transfer and manage money for individuals, businesses, and governments with perfect skill and timing. Your instincts for finance and risk are flawless, making you a powerhouse in any economy.
483. Barbell Proficiency,2.3
#You know how to swing a barbell as if it were an extension of your arms, turning gym equipment into a devastating bludgeon. Of course, you'll need the strength to actually heft the thing in combat.
484. Barrel Proficiency,1.7
#You are a master of swinging, throwing, and rolling barrels as weapons. Donkey Kong would be proud. Barrels do tend to break after a few solid hits, so a fresh supply helps.
485. Bartitsu Mastery,3.5
#You are a master of Bartitsu, the gentleman's martial art that blends boxing, jujitsu, savate, and cane fighting. Sherlock Holmes himself would consider you a worthy adversary, and your walking stick is more dangerous than most people's swords.
486. Baseball Bat Proficiency,2.2
#You are a master of swinging baseball bats in combat, dealing devastating blunt force trauma with every strike. Whether smashing through walls or breaking armored knees, the bat is an extension of your arm. Home run.
488. Baseball Glove Proficiency,1.6
#You are a master of the baseball glove, capable of catching nearly any ball thrown your way and using the glove itself as a surprisingly effective bludgeon or shield in a pinch.
489. Baseball Mastery,2.8
#You are a master of baseball, your batting and pitching are at the level of a top-tier major leaguer. With a bat in your hands you can knock a ball clear out of the stadium and your fastball is terrifying.
490. Baseball Proficiency,1.5
#You can use baseballs as makeshift throwing weapons with surprising accuracy and force. A well-thrown fastball from you can crack skulls.
491. Bashosen Proficiency,4.6
#You are a master of wielding the Bashosen, the legendary Banana Palm Fan. With a single wave you can summon powerful winds, two waves bring storm clouds, three waves unleash a torrential downpour. Requires the actual fan to use.
493. Basketball Mastery,2.8
#You are a master of basketball, your dribbling, shooting, and ball-handling are at the level of an NBA legend. You can sink three-pointers from absurd ranges and weave through defenders like they are standing still.
494. Baton Proficiency,1.7
#You are highly skilled with batons, capable of conducting symphonies with elegant precision or wielding magical batons to channel spells. With a normal baton, you can at least look very fancy.
495. Bayonet Proficiency,2.6
#You are a master of the bayonet, capable of wielding any rifle with a fixed blade as both a deadly firearm and a wicked spear. Your knowledge of jūkendō and bayonet fencing makes you lethal in close quarters where most gunmen would falter.
496. Bazooka Proficiency,2.6
#You are highly skilled with bazookas, rocket launchers and RPGs. You can aim, lead targets and reload with practiced ease, and lock-on missiles take noticeably less time in your hands. Doesn't help with the ammo bill.
497. Beak Combat,2.3
#You are highly proficient at fighting with a beak, whether natural or affixed. Pecks, slashes and grapples come naturally and you instinctively know the angles a beak fights best at. Requires actually having a beak to be useful.
498. Bear Trap Proficiency,2.1
#You are a master of bear traps, knowing exactly where to place them, how to disguise them and how to swing them as improvised weapons in melee. Surprise placements can still be sniffed out by anyone with precognition or enhanced senses.
499. Bell Combat,2.0
#You know how to wield bells as weapons, swinging them on chains, throwing them with precision and using their resonance to your advantage. Bells are fragile, however, and a broken bell is just scrap.
500. Bell Mastery,2.2
#You are a master of every bell-based instrument, from jingle bells and cowbells to bonshō, carillons and bianzhong. You can produce melodies and harmonies that move crowds, soothe spirits, or rattle the bones of those who hear them.
501. Belliscience,7.5
#You possess near-omniscient knowledge of conflict, war and combat in all its forms. You know every warrior who has ever lived, every battle ever fought, every art of fighting ever conceived, and the precise circumstances that birth a war. The horrors contained within this knowledge can be hard to bear.
502. Belly Combat,2.4
#You are a master of belly-based martial arts, using your gut to bump, flop and absorb attacks with surprising effectiveness. The bigger the belly, the harder you hit, but the slower you move.
503. Bellydancing Mastery,2.6
#You are a master of bellydancing, capable of performing the complex torso movements and traditional rhythms of any regional style with effortless grace. Your performances are mesmerizing and you can use the discipline to maintain incredible core strength and flexibility.
505. Berserker Brew Proficiency,2.9
#You are skilled in the brewing of berserker drugs, rage-inducing concoctions that throw the drinker into temporary madness, granting them increased strength and the ability to ignore pain. The brews are addictive and the wounds are still very much real.
507. Biking Combat,2.6
#You have integrated your biking skills into your combat style, creating a fluid and unpredictable fighting form built around your bike. Lose the bike and you lose the technique.
508. Biking Mastery,2.3
#You are a master of bikes of every variety, from man-powered cycles to heavy motorcycles. You can weave through traffic, scale stairs, drift around corners and pull off stunts that would kill most riders.
509. Binding Arts,4.7
#You have trained in the Binding Arts, a specialized system of techniques built around restrictive power. Through physical movements and harnessed energies you can bind anything from mortals to spirits to gods, though your reach is limited by your knowledge.
512. Bio-Energy Arts,4.8
#You have been trained in the Bio-Energy Arts, the disciplined techniques that let a practitioner harness the chemical, electrical, thermal and particle energies present in all life. Through breath, posture and exercise you can call upon your inner reserves to perform feats that look outright supernatural to the untrained.
515. Bio-Technology,5.7
#You are a master of biotechnology, capable of engineering entire civilizations out of living tissue. Weapons, vehicles, buildings and even spaceships, all grown rather than built. Your armies can be cultivated in days, adapted on the fly, and recycled when they fall.
516. Biochemistry Mastery,4.0
#You possess innate, intuitive knowledge of biochemistry. Proteins, hormones, nucleic acids and metabolic pathways unfold for you as easily as basic arithmetic. In a powered setting, you can analyze and reverse-engineer abilities that originate from someone's bio-field.
517. Bioengineering Mastery,4.2
#You are a master of bioengineering, capable of designing, splicing, and crafting living organisms with the same ease an engineer designs a bridge. Custom microbes, designer organs, and engineered species are well within your reach with proper equipment.
519. Biological Arts,5.9
#You practice the Biological Arts, a supernatural discipline of techniques based on biology. You can mend yourself and your allies, degrade your enemies on a cellular level, alter your own appearance, and at the highest tiers grant yourself entirely new powers. Improper use can backfire violently.
520. Biological Weaponry Proficiency,4.0
#You are extremely knowledgeable in the creation and deployment of biological weapons, from engineered plagues to gene-altering chemical agents. You can synthesize WMD-tier bioweapons given the right lab, but they are extremely difficult to control and can spiral into apocalyptic outbreaks if you are careless.
521. Biology Mastery,3.5
#You possess mastery over the science of biology, with deep knowledge of physical structures, chemical processes, molecular interactions, physiology, development and evolution. You can diagnose, dissect and theorize about life on every level a mortal scientist could. Still requires lab equipment and time to put your knowledge into practice.
523. Biophysics Mastery,3.6
#You possess the knowledge and skill of a master biophysicist, capable of applying the laws of physics to biological systems at every scale, from individual molecules to entire organisms. Combined with the right tools, you can engineer biology in ways most scientists would consider impossible.
524. Bird Calling,0.6
#You can mimic various bird calls with your voice, useful for attracting birds, signaling allies, or causing a bit of misdirection. Doesn't work if your throat is sore.
526. Blackjack Mastery,2.3
#You are a master of blackjack, capable of consistently getting your hand as close to 21 as possible without busting. Card counting, reading the dealer, knowing when to hit or stand all come naturally. Casinos will not love you.
527. Blade Defense,3.5
#Your defensive skills are enhanced by blades, letting you block, parry, deflect, and dodge with bladed weapons at a level far beyond ordinary swordsmen. A swordsman with this skill could parry bullets with practice.
528. Bladed Boomerang Proficiency,2.6
#You possess great proficiency with bladed boomerangs, throwing them with deadly accuracy and catching them on their return. Air manipulators can disrupt their flight, and a careless catch will cost you a finger.
529. Bladed Hat Proficiency,2.5
#Oddjob - You are a master of the bladed trick hat, throwing it with lethal accuracy and using it as a melee weapon when needed. Just remember to keep its edge sharpened.
530. Bladed Nunchaku Proficiency,3.0
#You are a master of bladed nunchakus, performing complex tricks and lethal strikes with the dual sticks connected by a chain. You can wrap around joints to disarm, swing them like flails, and cut as you strike.
531. Bladed Shield Proficiency,2.8
#You are proficient in wielding a bladed shield, using it for both defense and offense in equal measure. Every block becomes a counter-cut, every push a slashing attack.
532. Bladed Tonfa Proficiency,2.9
#You possess a nimble aptitude for bladed tonfa, the side-handled batons with cutting edges. Useful in close quarters where you can block and slash in the same motion, though losing one will throw off your dual-wielding rhythm.
533. Bladed Weapon Proficiency,3.6
#You are a master of wielding bladed weapons of all kinds, from daggers to greatswords to exotic edges. Whatever blade you pick up, you can use it competently and deadly. Specialised effects of unique blades may still elude you.
534. Bladed Yo-Yo Proficiency,2.7
#You are a master of wielding yo-yos with bladed ends, treating them as a flexible whip-like weapon that can attack from unpredictable angles. A cut string will leave you weaponless, so keep a few spares.
535. Bladesmithing Mastery,3.8
#You are a master bladesmith, capable of forging knives, swords, daggers and any bladed weapon you can imagine. You can repair, maintain and reinforce blades, and with the right materials and time, your work could rival legendary weapons of myth.
538. Blessed Firearm Proficiency,3.8
#Hellsing - You are a master of wielding blessed firearms and holy bullets, every shot you fire carries the weight of consecrated steel. Your aim is uncanny when targeting the unholy, and you instinctively know how to maintain and bless ammunition for maximum effect against demons and undead.
539. Blessed Sword Proficiency,4.7
#Berserk - You are a master of wielding blessed blades, your swordsmanship channels the power of the holy weapon as naturally as breathing. The bond between you and any sanctified sword is instinctive, granting access to the blade's full repertoire of blessed abilities. Powerful curses may still overwhelm you.
540. Blessing Arts,5.5
#You have mastered the Blessing Arts, a specialized system for creating and casting positive supernatural effects. You can bless allies with enhancements, environments with protection, and even inflict offensive blessings on enemies. Lacking proper knowledge can backfire dangerously, and curse manipulation is your natural counter.
543. Blood Science,4.7
#You are a master of blood science, an esoteric and dangerous discipline that treats blood as the ultimate experimental medium. Different blood types yield different formulas, and through it you can unlock blood-based abilities, brew strange concoctions, and uncover truths hidden in a person's veins. Tends to corrupt the practitioner over time.
547. Bloodlust Suppression,2.7
#You can suppress your hunger for blood even when surrounded by it, preventing your thirst from turning into a frenzy. This makes you far more dangerous as you can rely on intelligence and strategy rather than raw hunger, though lack of feeding may gradually weaken your other vampiric abilities.
548. Blow-dryer Proficiency,0.4
#You are a master of the blow-dryer, able to wield it in combat or in the salon with equal grace. Requires an outlet to power and can be broken by a stiff breeze.
549. Blowgun Proficiency,1.6
#You are highly skilled with a blowgun, able to land pinpoint darts at impressive range. Limited to light projectiles, but with the right poison on the tip that hardly matters.
550. Bludgeoning Polearm Proficiency,2.2
#You are skilled with polearms that replace the blade with a heavy blunt head, such as warhammers and mauls on long hafts. The weapon's reach and crushing power are immense in open ground, but struggle in tight spaces or against nimble opponents.
551. Blue Fire Arts,5.0
#You have mastered the Blue Fire Arts, a specialized system of techniques built around the cultivation and manipulation of blue fire. You can use it offensively, defensively, and even to heal, making practitioners of this art feared as powerhouses due to blue fire's sheer destructive potential.
553. Blunderbuss Proficiency,2.2
#You are a master of the blunderbuss, the primitive predecessor of the modern shotgun. You can handle the brutal recoil without injury and land devastating close-range blasts despite the weapon's infamously poor accuracy.
554. Blunt Blade Proficiency,2.0
#You are a master of wielding blunt blades, bladed weapons that cannot actually cut. You know every pressure point, joint lock and bone-breaking angle needed to make a sword-shaped club genuinely terrifying.
555. Blunted Arrow Proficiency,2.1
#You are highly proficient with blunted arrows, the non-lethal cousin of war arrows. You can knock a man unconscious, break a kneecap or shatter a lock from fifty meters without ever drawing blood.
556. Bo Proficiency,3.3
#You are a master of the bō staff, wielding its reach, speed and versatility with exceptional skill in close-quarters combat. If your bō happens to possess magical properties, you can channel arcane energies through it to cast spells and repel mythical entities.
557. Board Game Mastery,3.6
#You are the ultimate board game player. Chess, Go, Risk, Settlers of Catan, any board game you sit down at, you play with perfect skill, technique and timing. No amount of training or natural talent can let an opponent beat you at your own table.
558. Boarding Mastery,2.3
#You are a master of boarding of all kinds, riding skateboards, surfboards, snowboards and hoverboards with effortless grace. You can turn almost any flat object into an improvised board and even use them as weapons in combat.
559. Boating Mastery,2.4
#You are a master sailor, capable of piloting any kind of watercraft from man-powered canoes to sail-powered galleons and motorized yachts. You can navigate treacherous reefs, raging storms and narrow straits with uncanny ease.
560. Bodily Gas Music,1.1
#You have the uncanny talent of making music through your burps and farts. With enough practice, you could perform a full symphony through your bodily functions alone.
561. Body Armor Proficiency,3.5
#You are a master of wearing and fighting in body armor, moving in heavy plate as if it were silk and using every piece, gauntlets, pauldrons, greaves, as an extension of your defense. You can deflect projectiles with a flick of the wrist and endure blows that would fell an unarmored warrior.
563. Body Language Analysis,3.6
#You can intuitively read the body language of others, anticipating their every movement, attack, and intention before they even act. Excellent for combat, negotiation, and poker. Erratic or alien opponents may slip past your read.
569. Supernatural Bodybuilding Mastery,4.5
#Through bodybuilding and weightlifting, you can train your way into outright supernatural physical ability. Every session at the iron forges flesh that would be impossible through mundane exercise, with more exotic benefits unlocking the deeper you grind. Overtraining can still kill you.
570. Bodybuilding Mastery,2.9
#You are a master of bodybuilding and weightlifting, able to develop muscle and strength through exercise and dieting at a level rivaling the best Olympic weightlifters. With dedication, you can sculpt your body into peak human condition.
571. Bodysuit Proficiency,2.1
#You are highly skilled at wearing and making use of bodysuits, adapting easily to extreme temperatures and harsh environments through them. Bodysuits worn under armor keep you comfortable and effective in combat, and by themselves offer a respectable layer of minor protection.
572. Bola Proficiency,1.6
#You are nimble and accurate with bolas, capable of ensnaring fleeing targets around their legs or arms with a well-aimed throw. Chasing people down is for amateurs.
573. Bomb Disposal Mastery,3.3
#You are a master of bomb disposal, possessing the knowledge, steady hands and intuitive grasp of explosives needed to defuse almost any device. From IEDs to military ordnance, you can identify triggers, cut the right wire and walk away clean. Complex or unfamiliar bombs still take time to work through.
574. Bone Arts,4.6
#You have trained in the Bone Arts, a specialized combat and cultivation system built entirely around the manipulation of bone. You can unleash offensive bone techniques, raise osseous defenses, and perform supportive rituals, but improper use of the deeper techniques risks being overwhelmed or even possessed by the arts themselves.
577. Book Proficiency,0.8
#You know how to wield a book as a makeshift weapon, and a thick enough one even doubles as a shield. Still vulnerable to fire and blades like any other book.
578. Boomerang Arts,4.2
#You practice the Boomerang Arts, a specialized discipline of techniques built around supernatural boomerangs of various natures and origins. Proper mastery requires real training and study, and misuse can produce dangerous results.
579. Boomerang Combat,3.1
#You fight by weaving boomerangs into your physical combat, throwing and catching them as extensions of your strikes. Enemies with quick reflexes may catch them, and wind manipulators can disrupt their flight.
580. Boomerang Proficiency,2.8
#You have great skill in wielding boomerangs, able to hit multiple enemies without aiming directly, retrieve distant items, and even subtly guide their return paths. Wind manipulation or a quick catch can still disrupt you.
582. Botany Mastery,3.2
#You are a master botanist with an intuitive rapport with plants, fungi, algae, and even bacteria. You understand their growth, reproduction, and behavior on a near-spiritual level, and this connection lets you coax results out of them no trained scientist could match.
583. Bottle Proficiency,1.5
#You are a master of wielding bottles as weapons, whether full, empty, or freshly broken. Bottles do tend to shatter with use, so keep a bar nearby.
585. Bow Arts,4.8
#You have trained in the Bow Arts, a supernatural discipline built around bows, crossbows, and the concept of the arrow itself. Practitioners can perform impossible feats with their shots, curving arrows through mazes, loosing volleys that split mid-air, or firing techniques that pierce through entire armies. Lack of proper knowledge in the forms can lead to backlash or power loss.
586. Bow Combat,3.8
#You fuse your mastery of the bow with close physical combat, using the bow itself as a melee weapon while still threatening enemies at range. Bowstrings become garrottes, limbs become clubs, and arrows become daggers in your hands, with no awkward transition between ranges.
587. Bowling Ball Proficiency,1.3
#You are a master of wielding bowling balls, whether rolling them at pins, hurling them at opponents, or delivering concussive strikes with one in hand. Perfect strikes are basically guaranteed.
588. Bowling Combat,2.3
#You fight by merging bowling and combat, using bowling balls, pins and even the sport's rules as weapons against your opponents. Bowling balls are heavy and you may tire quickly if out of shape, but a properly rolled strike can level a gang of goons in one throw.
589. Bowling Mastery,1.2
#You are a complete master of bowling, capable of hitting perfect strikes at will, spinning the ball through impossible curves and reading the lane like an open book. On league night, you are a quiet god.
590. Bowsword Proficiency,3.3
#You are a master of the bowsword, a rare hybrid weapon that functions as a blade at close range and a bow at long range. You transition between slashing an enemy apart and loosing arrows at distant foes without ever breaking rhythm, though conventional bowswords may shatter against very tough targets.
591. Bowyering Mastery,2.7
#You are a master bowyer, skilled in designing, building, maintaining and modifying bows of every kind. With proper materials you can craft legendary bows that outperform anything mass-produced, and you can repair and enhance existing bows to draw out their full potential.
592. Boxing Glove Proficiency,2.2
#You are a master of wielding boxing gloves as weapons, from bag gloves to lace-ups to full competition pairs. Every punch you throw is amplified by the weight and form of the glove, letting you deliver force far beyond what your bare fist could manage.
593. Boxing Mastery,3.2
#You have complete mastery of boxing and all of its techniques, footwork and discipline. Your jabs are untelegraphed, your hooks are devastating, and your defensive work is beautiful to watch. Without other factors, you still age out of peak form and remain vulnerable to repeated head trauma over a long career.
594. Bracelet Proficiency,2.0
#You are an expert in using bracelets, cuffs and vambraces as makeshift weapons in combat. A flick of the wrist turns jewelry into a bludgeon, a blocking surface, or a throwing weight, and a heavy bracer can catch blades that would cleave through an unarmored arm.
595. Brass Knuckle Proficiency,2.3
#You are a master of wielding brass knuckles. Your punches with them are heavy, deadly when aimed properly, and you know exactly where to strike to drop a larger opponent in a single blow.
596. Brawling Mastery,3.2
#You are a veteran street brawler, skilled in bare-knuckle fighting, dirty boxing, and combat pragmatism. You fight without rules, using anything around you as a weapon. Trained martial artists may still outclass you in a fair fight, but you don't fight fair.
597. Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Mastery,3.6
#You are a master of Brazilian jiu-jitsu, focused on taking opponents to the ground to neutralize strength and size through grappling, joint locks, and chokeholds. On the ground, you are near untouchable against anyone without comparable training.
598. Breathing Arts,5.3
#Demon Slayer - You have mastered the Breathing Arts, a specialized system of techniques built around the cultivation and manipulation of breath. Through regulated breathing you can amplify your physical abilities, heal, defend, and unleash devastating combat techniques. Improper knowledge can result in power loss or dangerous effects on your own body.
599. Breathing Mastery,1.6
#You have impeccable control over your own respiratory system, allowing you to conserve oxygen and hold your breath far longer than any normal person. Useful for diving, smoke-filled rooms and not panting after a sprint.
600. Breeding Mastery,3.2
#You have an intuitive mastery over breeding of any species, be it humans, animals, plants or monsters. You instinctively know which pairings will produce offspring with the ideal traits, and can even pick the perfect partner for yourself.
601. Brewing Mastery,2.6
#You are a master brewer, capable of crafting beers, meads, potions, teas and any other fermented or steeped drink to a level of perfection that would make master brewers weep. Every batch you make is worthy of competition.
602. Brick Combat,1.4
#You know how to wield a humble brick as a makeshift weapon with surprising skill. Throwing, bashing, feinting, you can do it all, as long as you can find a brick to pick up.
603. Broadsword Proficiency,2.7
#You are a master of the broadsword, the basket-hilted sword of the early modern era. Every stance, every cut, every parry feels natural in your hands, as if you had been drilling with it since childhood.
604. Broken Bottle Proficiency,1.1
#You know how to wield a broken bottle as a makeshift weapon with surprising finesse, using its jagged edges for slashes and stabs. The bottle itself is fragile and will likely shatter beyond use after a fight or two.
605. Broken Sword Proficiency,3.3
#You are a master of wielding broken swords, to such a degree that the fractured blade can still cut cleanly and even confuse or deceive your opponents with its uneven reach. A snapped blade in your hand is deadlier than a whole one in theirs.
606. Broken Weapon Proficiency,3.6
#You are a master of wielding broken weapons of any kind, be it a shattered spear, a cracked mace or a snapped bow. In your hands the broken weapon retains its lethality and even gains a deceptive quality, throwing off the rhythm of your opponents.
607. Broom Combat,1.7
#You can use a broom in combat with the grace and ferocity of a trained staff fighter. The power grows stronger if the broom happens to be enchanted, turning a simple cleaning tool into a proper weapon.
608. Bubble Arts,4.1
#You have mastered the Bubble Arts, a specialized martial system built around the cultivation and manipulation of bubbles. You can wield bubbles offensively, defensively and even to heal, shaping foam and film into whatever the moment calls for.
609. Bubble Blowing Mastery,0.6
#You are a master of blowing bubbles, capable of producing shapes, sizes and formations no ordinary person ever could. Great for entertaining children, not much else. You still need soap and a wand.
612. Bubble Science,4.1
#(Tech) You can use different formulas to create and weaponize bubbles as a form of super science, producing compounds and devices that deliver bubble-based effects to almost any purpose. Unlike Bubble Manipulation, this relies strictly on scientific reasoning and crafted equipment.
613. Bubble Wand Proficiency,1.1
#You are a master of the bubble wand, whether as a makeshift weapon or for its intended purpose of entertaining children at birthday parties. Your bubbles come out bigger, prettier and in more exotic shapes than anyone else's.
614. Budō Mastery,4.8
#You are a master of budō, every form and style of Japanese and Okinawan martial arts. From kenjutsu to karate to aikido, any discipline you've studied you wield as a lifelong practitioner, and your understanding carries over between related styles.
615. Buddhism Mastery,2.9
#You possess an innate knowledge of Buddhism in all its schools, traditions and philosophies. You understand the sutras as if you had meditated on them for lifetimes, and can teach, debate or embody the Dharma with natural ease.
616. Bug Net Proficiency,0.6
#You are supernaturally skilled at wielding a bug net. No butterfly, cicada or dragonfly can escape your sweep, though the net itself is still easily broken by anything that fights back.
617. Building Mastery,5.0
#You are the ultimate builder, capable of constructing anything from anything given enough creativity. You could weld together a functional space suit out of a junk pile, an aqueduct out of scrap wood, or a working computer out of rocks and wire. Your technique, timing and craft are flawless.
618. Bujeok Proficiency,4.4
#You possess great skill and knowledge in using Bujeok, Korean talismans made of paper, wood, cloth or metal. You can inscribe and wield them for mystical and spiritual purposes, warding off evil, channeling blessings, and sealing forces beyond mortal reach.
620. Bullfighting Mastery,2.7
#You are a master matador, able to read the charge of any bull (or bull-like beast) and subdue, redirect or slay it with cape and blade. The style transfers surprisingly well to dodging larger opponents who rely on raw momentum.
622. Business Mastery,4.5
#You have intuitive mastery over every aspect of running a business, from banking to investing to entrepreneurship. Your body language and speech send exactly the right signals in any negotiation, and with time you can build an empire from nothing and become extraordinarily wealthy.
623. Butchering Mastery,3.0
#You have mastered the art of cutting, dressing, preparing and cooking meat. You know every cut of every animal, can break down a carcass with surgical precision and can turn the roughest game into a feast.
624. CPR Mastery,1.6
#You are a master of CPR, able to keep a person's heart beating through emergencies where others would panic. In situations where professional care is minutes away, you are the difference between life and death.
625. Calculation Mastery,3.2
#Your mind is a flawless calculator. Complex math, ballistic trajectories, probability estimates and spatial computations resolve in your head instantly and accurately. You can still miscalculate when working from faulty data, but the math itself is never the problem.
626. Calligraphy Mastery,2.3
#You are a master calligrapher. Every stroke you lay down is objectively at the peak of the art, and anyone who sees your work instantly recognizes it as such. Particularly useful if you ever pick up rune-writing or sigil-based magic.
627. Caltrop Proficiency,1.4
#You know how to deploy caltrops with expert timing and placement. Great for slowing pursuers during a retreat, less great in almost any other situation.
628. Camera Proficiency,1.1
#You are a master of wielding cameras as makeshift weapons. A DSLR in your hands hits harder than most expect.
629. Camping Mastery,2.1
#You are an absolute master of camping. Any environment, any weather, any terrain, you can set up, survive and thrive without a single wasted motion. Your fires always light, your tents always hold and your food always tastes good.
630. Candy Combat,3.6
#You are trained in a martial art that integrates candy into every strike, throw, and guard. You can weaponize lollipops, hard candies, and taffy into lethal close-quarters techniques that nobody ever sees coming.
631. Cane Proficiency,2.3
#You are a master of the cane, crutch, and walking stick, both as walking aids and as weapons. Every old man with a limp should fear you.
633. Cannon Proficiency,2.9
#You have mastery over every type of cannon and direct-fire artillery ever made. You can aim, operate, repair, and even construct them, landing bullseyes at ranges most gunners wouldn't dare attempt.
634. Cape Proficiency,3.3
#You are a master of wielding a cape as a weapon. You can use it to grab, restrain, blind, or stun opponents, deflect blades with a flick, and even achieve gliding feats with the right technique. A dramatic entrance is practically free with you.
635. Capoeira Mastery,4.1
#You have complete mastery over Capoeira, the Brazilian martial art blending dance, acrobatics, and music into a flowing, unpredictable style. You excel at fighting while outnumbered, your ginga makes you impossible to pin down, and your inverted kicks come from angles opponents cannot read. High energy movements will tire you out faster than most styles.
636. Car Driving Mastery,3.1
#You are a master of operating any motor vehicle. From cramped urban alleyways to high speed racetracks, you handle anything with four wheels and an engine like an extension of your own body. Initial D level drifts and stunt-driver maneuvers are well within your grasp.
637. Card Arts,4.2
#You are trained in the Card Arts, a supernatural martial system built around decks of cards. Different decks grant different effects, ranging from enhanced physical ability to energy projection, but each requires study and practice to wield properly. Using a deck you don't understand can backfire badly.
638. Card Combat,3.4
#You are trained in incorporating cards into physical combat, whether as thrown projectiles, slashing blades or guard-breaking tools. Masters can turn a humble deck into a deadly arsenal, though juggling offense and defense with cards at the same time is tricky.
640. Card Game Arts,4.0
#You are trained in the Card Game Arts, turning recreational card games into a source of supernatural power. Playing the right game in the right way grants enhanced intellect and physical ability, but the games themselves can have deadly stakes depending on which one you invoke.
641. Card Game Mastery,3.8
#You possess complete mastery of card games of all kinds, intuitively understanding what to play and when. You always seem to draw the right card for the situation, combining uncanny luck with perfect technique and timing. Whether it is poker, TCGs or tarot, you are the undisputed champion of the table.
642. Card Proficiency,2.1
#You are skilled at using ordinary cards of any kind as weapons, whether playing cards, business cards or plastic cards. Without any supernatural empowerment though, the cards are still just paper.
643. Cardiology Mastery,3.3
#You are a master of cardiology, able to diagnose, treat and cure any disease of the heart and circulatory system. You understand cardiac muscle, blood vessels and conduction pathways intuitively, making you an elite heart surgeon without needing decades of training.
644. Carpet Beater Proficiency,1.1
#You are a master of the carpet beater, whether for actually cleaning rugs or for beating a would-be mugger senseless with one. Surprisingly effective against dust mites and kneecaps alike.
645. Cartography Mastery,3.0
#You are the ultimate cartographer, able to rapidly draw flawlessly accurate maps of any area you have observed or traversed. Your maps are perfect in scale, detail, and orientation, and you can dissect and understand any other map you come across at a glance.
646. Cartoon Vehicle Mastery,3.5
#You are a masterful pilot of cartoon vehicles of any kind, whether wacky cars, biplanes, tanks or trains. You intuitively understand how to coax the most absurd stunts out of any toon vehicle you step into.
647. Catchpole Proficiency,1.6
#You are skilled in wielding the catchpole, a polearm with a hinged loop used to restrain and capture targets. Great for law enforcement and bounty work, though awkward in tight spaces and outmatched by smaller, nimbler weapons.
648. Cavalry Combat,3.2
#You are an expert mounted fighter, able to wield melee and ranged weapons from horseback or atop any large animal without losing balance or accuracy. You move as one with your mount, and your combat skill is dramatically amplified while riding.
649. Celestial Arts,6.0
#You are trained in the Celestial Arts, a specialized combat and magical system that channels the power of comets, stars, planets, nebulas and black holes through your body and techniques. Each technique draws from a different celestial body, and mastering them requires deep astronomical knowledge. Improperly channeling a star can burn you from the inside.
652. Cello Mastery,2.1
#You are a master of playing the cello, whether innately or through training. Your bowing, phrasing and intonation are concert-hall tier, and you could make a crowd weep with a single sustained note.
654. Celtic Mastery,3.2
#You possess mastery over the lore, traditions, and mythology of the Celts, from Arthurian legend to druidic rites. You know the names and true natures of the Tuatha Dé Danann, the meaning behind Iron Age rituals, and how to properly invoke the old ways.
655. Chain Arts,5.2
#You are a practitioner of the Chain Arts, a specialized system of supernatural techniques built around chains of varying natures - divine, demonic, elemental, living. Properly wielding them takes considerable training but the results can range from binding gods to channeling elemental forces through every link.
656. Chain Axe Proficiency,3.0
#You are a master of wielding chain axes, spinning their motorized blades through enemies with perfect control. Incredibly loud, incredibly brutal, incredibly metal.
657. Chain Blade Proficiency,3.4
#You are a master of blades tethered by chains, often wielded in pairs and fought in a fluid formation that results in an unbroken chain of attacks. Your style flows without pause, each strike leading seamlessly into the next.
658. Chain Bomb Proficiency,3.2
#You wield bombs that link up with each other to create bigger explosions, forming networks of linked detonations. With clever placement, a single trigger can level entire structures. You are not immune to your own blasts, so place them carefully.
660. Chain Hammer Proficiency,3.0
#You are a master of wielding chain hammers, swinging the heavy weighted head on its chain with devastating, unpredictable arcs. Just be careful you don't hit yourself.
661. Chain Proficiency,3.3
#You are a master of wielding chains and chain-like weaponry beyond the peak of your species. You can ensnare opponents, swing chains with devastating precision and use them in creative ways few would consider. Less effective if your chain is severed.
662. Chain Scythe Proficiency,3.4
#You are a master of wielding chain scythes, the whirling scythe-and-chain weapons of old assassins. You can throw, retract and redirect the blade mid-strike in ways no normal weapon could manage.
663. Chainsaw Proficiency,2.8
#You are a master of wielding chainsaws in combat and craft alike. Felling trees, cutting through armor, chainsaw art, you name it. Loud as hell and terrible for stealth.
664. Chainsword Proficiency,3.2
#Warhammer 40k - You are a master of the chainsword, the hybrid weapon that combines the deadly cutting power of a chainsaw with the handling of a sword. Purge the heretics with swift rending strikes. Your chainsword may still run out of fuel.
665. Chair Proficiency,2.1
#You are an expert in wielding chairs as makeshift weapons. Bar fights, wrestling matches, and impromptu brawls are your natural habitat. You instinctively know how to grip, swing, and break a chair over someone's back for maximum effect.
666. Chakram Proficiency,3.2
#You have great aptitude with the chakram and similar disc-shaped throwing weapons. Your accuracy, agility and range are beyond that of any normal practitioner, and you can use them just as effectively as knuckledusters in close quarters as you can throw them at distant targets.
667. Chaotic Arts,6.7
#You have trained in the Chaotic Arts, a specialized technique system for channeling chaos. Depending on your mastery, you can manifest physical enhancement, supernatural attacks, and at the highest levels, reality manipulation and law alteration. Lack of knowledge can lead to dangerous backlash.
669. Charged Arts,4.5
#You have trained in the Charged Arts, a technique system for augmenting standard powers with additional force. You can channel supernatural essences or outside sources to create enhanced versions of your own abilities or those of allies. Requires specific training for each essence you wish to channel.
671. Chariot Riders Aptitude,1.4
#You are a master of riding animal-drawn vehicles - chariots, carriages, carts, sleds, wagons, and the like. Useful if your setting happens to have horses but a bit rough if you've been thrown into the modern era.
674. Cheating Mastery,5.4
#You are a master at cheating, subverting rules and fighting dirty in the most effective ways possible. This applies to everything from board games to duels to death itself, allowing you to survive situations you had no business surviving. You have no mental or emotional barriers against cheating and can intuitively find the shortcut to victory in any scenario.
675. Checkers Mastery,1.4
#You are a master of checkers, able to intuitively see the best moves and destroy any opponent across the board. Unfortunately nobody takes checkers that seriously.
676. Cheerleading Mastery,2.1
#You are a master cheerleader, capable of chanting, tumbling and performing intense acrobatics to motivate teams and hype up crowds. Your routines are competition-winning and you can rally a flagging team back into the fight through sheer enthusiasm.
677. Chelokinetic Combat,3.1
#You are able to wield your nails, claws, hooves or talons with deadly precision in physical combat, slashing and slicing opponents or trampling them beneath your hooves. Claws may wear down or break during prolonged fights against armored or exceptionally tough foes.
678. Chemical Arts,5.2
#You wield the Chemical Arts, a specialized martial system built around the manipulation of chemistry, chemical reactions and chemical energy. You can use it offensively, defensively or to heal, blending alchemy and combat into a devastating fighting style. Improper knowledge can lead to power loss or dangerous side effects.
681. Chemistry Mastery,3.8
#You are a master of chemistry, with an intuitive and profound grasp of elements, compounds, reactions and energy dynamics. Formulas come to you as naturally as breathing, and you can identify, synthesize or counteract substances that would stump entire research teams.
682. Chess Mastery,3.2
#You are a master of chess, either through innate talent or rigorous training. Grandmasters look like children next to you, and you can see dozens of moves ahead as naturally as breathing. The strategic mindset carries over into any situation resembling a board.
683. Chi Arts,5.2
#You are a practitioner of the chi arts, the ancient discipline of harnessing the life energy present in all things. Through rigorous physical and mental training you can awaken superhuman strength, speed, durability and reflexes, and at higher levels unleash elemental blasts and healing techniques. A lifetime of mastery compressed into muscle memory.
686. Chi Mastery,5.8
#You are a true master of chi, able to perceive and understand it like no other and learn virtually any chi-based application with ease. Even with a below-superhuman body you can perform feats that defy ordinary limits, survive wounds that would kill anyone else, and cripple enemies by striking the paths their life-force flows through.
687. Chi Sword Proficiency,5.0
#You have mastery over the chi sword, a weapon either infused with or manifested from pure life-force energy. You can shift the blade's shape, length, and properties on the fly to suit any situation, making you a dangerously adaptive swordsman.
688. Chigiriki Proficiency,3.2
#You are highly proficient in wielding the chigiriki, a traditional Japanese weapon of staff and weighted chain. You can fluidly block and strike with the staff while the chain entangles, disarms, and whips at opponents from unexpected angles.
689. Child Caretaking Mastery,2.6
#You are a master at taking care of children, knowing how to feed them, quiet them down, discipline them and read their body language effortlessly. Tantrums and fussy toddlers are never a problem for you, and you have unique insight into their psychology.
690. Chinese Checkers Mastery,0.6
#You are a master of Chinese checkers. Hope you run into a lot of Chinese checkers tournaments.
692. Chlorokinetic Ninjutsu,4.8
#You have trained in shinobi arts infused with plant manipulation, combining stealth, guerrilla tactics and unconventional warfare with chlorokinesis. Substitution jutsu with real logs, kunai carved from hardened thorns, and ambushes from within the very trees themselves.
693. Chocolate Combat,3.4
#You are capable of seamlessly integrating chocolate into your physical combat, giving you an impressive mix of offensive and defensive techniques. Chocolate armor on your fists, cocoa caltrops underfoot, and fudge blades extending from your arms.
694. Chopsticks Proficiency,2.4
#You are a master of chopsticks, able to wield them with inhuman dexterity and speed. You can throw them like darts to embed into targets, pluck arrows out of the air, or perform feats of precision that would be difficult even with bare hands.
695. Christian Meditation,3.0
#You can practice a deep form of Christian meditation, reflecting on scripture and prayer to commune with God. Through these meditations you can achieve enlightenment, wisdom, and a profound understanding of your own prayers, though it requires strong faith and tranquility to truly bear fruit.
696. Christianity Mastery,3.1
#You are a master of Christianity in all its forms, intimately versed in the theology, scripture, rituals, and sacred traditions of Catholicism, Protestantism, and Eastern Orthodoxy alike. You understand the teachings of Christ and the nuances between every sect, making you an ideal theologian, priest, or exorcist.
697. Christmas Arts,4.9
#You are a practitioner of the Christmas Arts, a specialized system of techniques built around the phenomenon of Christmas itself. You can cultivate and manipulate yuletide energies offensively, defensively, or for healing, though your power wanes without proper holiday spirit and knowledge of the season.
700. Chronophysics Mastery,4.6
#You are a master of chronophysics, the science of time travel and temporal mechanics. You understand how actions ripple through timelines, the components needed to perform time travel safely, and how to navigate the time stream. Constant study of time may slowly erode your sanity.
701. Circular Saw Proficiency,2.7
#You are a master of wielding circular saws and buzzsaws as weapons and tools, spinning their toothed blades through flesh, wood, metal and bone with terrifying precision. Unfortunately the constant whine of the motor makes sneaking basically impossible.
702. Circus Mastery,3.3
#You are a master of circus arts, from acrobatics and juggling to tightrope walking, contortion, knife throwing and strongman feats. You can easily dazzle audiences or put these skills to more dangerous use, turning a big top performance into a deadly display.
703. Clarinet Combat,1.5
#You know how to fight using a clarinet as a weapon, wielding it like a baton or rapier with surprising effectiveness. Unfortunately clarinets break, so bring spares.
704. Clarinet Mastery,2.1
#You are a master of playing the clarinet, capable of producing beautiful and emotionally stirring performances. Whether as a professional musician or just a charming party trick, your skill is undeniable.
705. Classical Element Arts,4.6
#You are trained in the classical element arts, a specialized martial system built around cultivating and wielding the classical elements either from your body or external sources. Earth, fire, water, and air all bend to your techniques with the proper forms and discipline.
708. Claw Hammer Proficiency,2.2
#You are a master of wielding claw hammers in combat, both for blunt strikes and using the claw end to grab, hook and impale. Great for close-quarters brawling, not so great from a distance.
709. Cleaning Equipment Proficiency,2.3
#You are a master of wielding cleaning supplies as weapons, turning brooms into staves, mops into flails, and plungers into surprisingly effective bludgeons. Janitorial work has never been so dangerous.
710. Cleaning Mastery,1.7
#You are a master of cleaning, capable of scrubbing any surface to pristine condition with astonishing efficiency. Stains, grime and clutter surrender to your expertise with speed no ordinary housekeeper can match.
711. Cleaver Proficiency,1.6
#You are an expert at wielding cleavers, those big chunky knives used for butchering and cooking. In a kitchen you are a terror, in a fight you can make do if there's a cleaver within reach.
712. Cleromancy,2.7
#You can divine the past, present and future by casting lots, rolling dice, throwing sticks or scattering bones and reading the patterns they form. Visions come through the randomness, though the futures you glimpse are rarely set in stone and often manifest in unexpected ways.
713. Clock Hand Proficiency,1.8
#You are an expert in wielding clock hands and needles as weapons. In the right hands a minute hand is a rapier, an hour hand is a cleaver, and a second hand is a flurry of stabbing needles.
714. Close-Quarters Combat Mastery,4.6
#You are a master of CQC, the brutal close-range combat style used by elite military and law enforcement. You seamlessly transition between firearms, knives, bayonets and unarmed combat without missing a beat, dominating tight spaces, hallways and room-clearing scenarios with surgical efficiency.
715. Cloth Arts,4.5
#You are a practitioner of the Cloth Arts, a martial discipline built around the manipulation of cloth and textiles. Whether drawn from your surroundings or produced from your own body, cloth becomes a weapon, armor, and extension of your techniques. Masters can weave defensive cocoons, razor ribbons and body modifications from the same scrap of fabric.
716. Clown Arts,4.4
#You are versed in the Clown Arts, a specialised system of techniques drawing power from the unique place clowns hold in the collective unconscious. From jesters to mimes to rodeo wranglers, each archetype grants its own buffoonish techniques that blur the line between entertainment and battle.
718. Clown Weaponry,3.8
#You wield objects and paraphernalia associated with clowns and carnivals as lethal weapons, from hoops and juggling pins to balloons, ribbons, throwing knives and playing cards. In your hands, even a gag flower becomes a genuine threat.
719. Club Proficiency,2.6
#You are a master wielder of clubs of every variety, be it a simple wooden cudgel, a mace, a baton or a nightstick. Your blunt force strikes can shatter armour and break down structures, though clubs leave you vulnerable at mid to long range.
721. Coffin Proficiency,3.0
#You are a master of wielding coffins as weapons, either through innate talent or obsessive training. You can swing a sarcophagus like a club, trap enemies inside it mid-swing, and use the lid as a shield. Excessive use will crack even the sturdiest casket.
722. Coilgun Proficiency,3.1
#You are a master of coilguns, the electromagnetic mass drivers that fling ferromagnetic slugs at absurd velocities. You instinctively understand the math of acceleration, aim and targeting with any linear motor weapon you pick up.
723. Coin Combat,3.0
#You have mastered the art of combat using coins, incorporating them into your strikes, blocks and throws with uncanny precision. You can make a handful of quarters hit harder than a knife.
724. Cold Arts,4.2
#You have been trained in the Cold Arts, a specialized combat and mystical discipline built around frigiokinesis. By mastering the absence and reduction of heat, you gain access to techniques that slow, still and freeze, each one more refined than raw cold manipulation.
726. Color Arts,4.6
#You are trained in the Color Arts, a specialized martial system based around cultivating and channeling the power of colors. Each color you wield grants different effects — red for aggression, blue for calm, green for growth — applied through martial strikes, defensive stances, and bodily modification.
727. Column Proficiency,2.2
#You are a master of wielding columns and pillars as weapons. Any stone pillar you lift becomes a brutally effective bludgeon in your hands, though the columns themselves may shatter from the force you apply.
728. Comb Proficiency,2.6
#You are a master of wielding combs and ornamental hairpins as weapons. In your hands the most delicate hair accessory becomes a lethal stabbing or slashing tool, though you must always carry one to benefit from the skill.
729. Combat Arts,4.6
#You have mastered a system of supernatural combat techniques centered on wielding specialized moves, enhanced physical abilities and esoteric fighting forms. Covers armed, unarmed, melee and ranged combat, though lack of proper knowledge during execution can backfire dangerously.
731. Enhanced Combat Mastery,3.6
#You are extremely skilled in combat, capable of taking down the toughest of regular fighters or handling dozens of aggressors at once. Your maneuvers, stunts, and techniques are far beyond the average person, and you naturally possess above average physical and mental conditioning to back them up. Those with supernatural or absolute levels of combat skill can still outmatch you.
732. Supernatural Combat Mastery,7.4
#Your combat skills vastly surpass other beings in your verse, covering speed, strength, precision, reflexes, technique, analysis, and adaptation all at once. Whether specialized in weaponry or unarmed, your efficiency is surreal and you can wield powers in combat with superhuman finesse. You aren't perfect or invincible, but you appear that way to any lesser fighter.
733. Combat Mastery,3.0
#Through either innate talent or training, you fight at a level greater than the peak of your species. You can outclass most opponents armed or unarmed, handle multiple aggressors, and instinctively know how to target vulnerable areas on another's body. You will likely need to keep training to maintain this edge.
734. Combat Shoe Proficiency,2.3
#You are a master of wielding combat shoes, from steel-toed boots to greaves and sabatons. You can pummel opponents with brutal precision, fight on equal terms against larger enemies, and some practitioners can even kick their bladed shoes off as ranged weapons. Typically limited to close-range combat.
735. Combat Specialism,5.3
#You possess an intuitive encyclopedic knowledge of combat, allowing you to understand and analyze any opponent's fighting style and instantly spot the flaws in their attack and defense. You learn and master any combat skill with outstanding ease, and your ever-growing understanding of fighting lets you turn an opponent's own strength against them. Largely useless against foes unaffected by physical attacks.
736. Combat-Medical Proficiency,3.9
#You are proficient in using medical equipment to repair bodies, yours or others, even in the middle of one-on-one combat. You can stitch a wound while dodging punches or stabilize a dying ally mid-brawl, making you a terrifying combatant to try and outlast.
737. Combined Arts,5.0
#You can utilize the Combined Arts, a specialized system focused on wielding two or more forces or disciplines together, using them separately or fusing them into entirely new forces. Lack of proper knowledge can lead to power loss or dangerous backfires, and you may be limited to certain technique types.
738. Comic Mastery,2.8
#You are a master of drawing comics, capable of expressing complex ideas through panels, layouts, and the interplay of image and text. You could pump out a serialized manga single-handedly if you had the hours, though comic artists are famously overworked and the craft will grind on your back and wrists.
739. Commentary Mastery,1.7
#You are a master of live commentary during sporting events, tournament matches and other special occasions. Your voice carries the drama, your analysis is sharp on the fly, and you can turn even a boring match into must-watch theatre.
740. Complete Mastery,6.3
#You have complete mastery over a specialized field of your choosing, with prodigious skill, preeminent knowledge, and expert intuition all granted to you as if you had trained for lifetimes. Nearly impossible to maintain at the absolute peak since any field can always be pushed further, but within your chosen domain you are one of the very best to ever exist.
741. Computer Operation Mastery,3.6
#You are a true master of computers, from coding and hacking to engineering and cracking passwords. Whatever the device, desktop, supercomputer, smartphone, you can bend it to your will through pure skill. Not supernatural, just absurdly good.
742. Concealed Weapon Proficiency,3.3
#You are a master of concealed weapons, capable of hiding blades, firearms and other tools on your person or disguised as mundane objects. You can draw and strike before an unprepared opponent even realizes you were armed.
743. Concealment,2.2
#You have peak human skill in hiding your presence, evading detection and getting the drop on unaware opponents. Advanced thermal, x-ray and vibration-based systems can still pick you up.
744. Conceptual Arts,7.6
#You are trained in the Conceptual Arts, a disciplined system of techniques for wielding conceptual power. Through practice you can manifest abilities ranging from physical enhancement and supernatural attacks to full-blown reality manipulation, all channelled through the concept you have affinity with. Lack of knowledge can lead to catastrophic backlash.
747. Conditional Arts,4.6
#You practice a contingent system of techniques, each tied to a specific rule, object, proximity, or contract. Obey the conditions and you can pull off supernatural feats far beyond your actual power level. Break a rule mid-technique and the backlash can be severe.
749. Conducting Mastery,2.6
#You are a master of conducting, capable of directing an orchestra or choir with total authority over tempo, dynamics, and feel. Musicians under your baton play beyond their usual skill, and a good performance under you becomes a great one.
750. Confectionery Mastery,2.8
#You are a master confectioner, capable of producing the finest candies, cakes, pastries, and desserts imaginable. Your sweets are so good they can bring hardened warriors to tears. Requires ingredients and time to practice your craft.
751. Consciousness Arts,5.2
#You are a practitioner of the Consciousness Arts, a system of techniques built around shifting between states of mind - wakefulness, sleep, meditation, hypnosis, trance, intoxication and more. Each state unlocks different insights and capabilities, and a master can slip between them like changing clothes.
752. Consciousness State Combat,4.7
#You have learned to fuse physical combat with specific states of consciousness, fighting while in berserk rage, drunken stupor, meditative calm, or even fast asleep. Each state grants different strengths and quirks, and a skilled practitioner can shift between them mid-fight, though losing control in the wrong state is its own danger.
754. Conservation Mastery,2.6
#You possess the full expertise of a veteran park ranger, gamekeeper or conservation officer. You understand ecosystems, track wildlife effortlessly, manage habitats, handle poachers, and know the law inside and out. Most useful in the wilderness or when nature itself needs defending.
756. Construction Mastery,3.2
#You are a master of construction, capable of building and rebuilding structures ranging from timber bridges to skyscrapers with ease. Give you the materials and time and you could raise a town from nothing.
757. Construction Tool Proficiency,2.3
#You are a natural with construction tools, from drills and wrenches to shovels and nail guns. Whatever the job, you seem to always have the right device on hand and know exactly how to wield it.
758. Consumption Arts,4.5
#You practice the Consumption Arts, a specialized martial discipline based on digestive power. You can harmlessly eat inedible and toxic substances, use predatory techniques as a fighting style, and even take on new abilities from ingesting certain targets.
760. Container Combat,3.3
#You are a master of fighting with containers, using boxes, bottles, jars and the like as both offensive and defensive tools. A broken bottle in your hand is deadlier than a sword in anyone else's.
761. Continuum Arts,5.8
#You are trained in the Continuum Arts, a specialised combat discipline that harnesses the power of conceptual spectrums; space-time, electromagnetism, data, species, and any other successive range of phenomena. Proper knowledge is essential, as mishandling a continuum can backfire catastrophically. You may be limited to a single type of continuum.
764. Contract Arts,6.8
#You are trained in the Contract Arts, a specialised discipline that wields the power of agreements, oaths, pacts and covenants. A contract forged through your arts carries real supernatural weight, binding parties to its terms with consequences ranging from the social to the cosmic. Proper knowledge is essential, as a misworded clause can devour its caster.
765. Control Arts,6.5
#You are trained in the Control Arts, a specialised discipline built around the power of manipulation and domination. Depending on your training, you may marionette bodies, dominate organs or limbs, or reach deeper to command emotions and minds. Improper knowledge can turn your own techniques against you.
768. Conversation Mastery,5.1
#You can navigate any conversation with flawless precision, instinctively selecting the exact words, tone and emotional weight needed to produce the desired effect. You intuit the speaker's fears, desires and unspoken intent, turning suspicion into trust and hostility into allegiance with frightening ease. Does not work on mindless beings like corpses, robots or the truly insane.
769. Cooperation Mastery,3.8
#You are the ultimate team player. No matter how different your allies are, no matter how much you dislike them or disagree with their views, you automatically fall into perfect coordination with them. Your timing, technique and contribution to any joint effort is always flawless, making you the keystone of any group you join.
771. Corkscrew Proficiency,1.1
#You are an expert in using corkscrews as makeshift weapons in combat. You know just where to twist them in, and can open a bottle of wine with terrifying flair.
772. Corruption Arts,5.8
#You have trained in the Corruption Arts, a specialized system of techniques built around wielding corrupted power. Your defiled essence can warp the bodies and minds of your victims, blight environments, and reshape entities into twisted versions of themselves, though prolonged use tends to pollute the wielder as well.
775. Cosmetology Mastery,3.2
#You are a true master of cosmetology - hairstyling, skincare, makeup, manicures, pedicures and beauty treatment as a whole. A single session with you can transform someone from rags to runway, and your instincts for aesthetics border on the supernatural.
776. Cosmic Arts,6.3
#Marvel - You can utilize the Cosmic Arts, a specialized system of techniques centered on channeling cosmic essence and calling upon cosmic entities. These arts let you conjure cosmic elements, supernaturally enhance your body, access space materials and replicate phenomena such as the Power Cosmic or Saint Seiya's Cosmo. Lack of proper knowledge may lead to possession or power loss.
777. Cosmic Concentration,3.5
#You can focus cosmic energy into any part of your body or into objects you hold, supercharging attacks and techniques with concentrated cosmic force. Without proper training you cannot channel the energy properly and it simply dissipates.
779. Counseling Mastery,4.0
#You are a master counselor and therapist, guiding others through their personal and psychological problems with perfect technique and timing. People leave your presence feeling heard, understood, and a little lighter. You may still need to learn about a person before your counsel reaches its full effect.
781. Counterintelligence Mastery,3.3
#You are a master of counterintelligence, adept at detecting, neutralizing and preventing espionage. You can sniff out moles, feed disinformation, analyze intelligence and dismantle entire spy networks with ruthless efficiency.
782. Counterstrategy Mastery,6.6
#You are the ultimate counter-strategist, able to instantly formulate the optimal counter to any plan or tactic thrown at you. Your backup plans have backup plans, and any strategic attempt against you is automatically foiled. You may struggle emotionally with the sacrifices your optimal plans demand.
783. Counterterrorism Mastery,3.3
#You are a master of counterterrorism, able to identify, disrupt and neutralize terrorist activities with the precision of an elite operative. You know how to mitigate attacks, interrogate suspects, and dismantle cells before they can strike.
784. Country Music Mastery,2.1
#You are a master of country and western music, able to play the banjo, guitar, harmonica and accordion with soulful precision. Your singing voice carries the twang and heart of the American South, and you could make a grown man cry over a song about his dog.
785. Supernatural Craftsmanship Mastery,5.5
#You possess supernatural proficiency in crafting, able to forge enchanted weapons, armor and artifacts with powers that would be impossible through mundane craftsmanship. Every item that leaves your hands carries a spark of the otherworldly.
786. Craftsmanship Mastery,4.8
#You are the ultimate craftsman, able to flawlessly forge weapons, armors, structures and artifacts to absolute perfection. Given sufficient materials you can produce the sharpest blade, the toughest shield or the grandest monument on short notice with perfect skill, technique and timing.
789. Creature Studies Mastery,4.0
#You are a master of studying and understanding the fauna of every world, be they natural, magical, demonic, angelic, eldritch or ethereal. You can intuit how to live and work alongside strange beasts without provoking them, though even your expertise will not guarantee they always respond in kind.
790. Crime Mastery,4.7
#You have an intuitive mastery of every criminal skill, scheme and system. You understand criminal organizations from the inside, send all the right signals, leave no evidence behind, and can make yourself virtually untouchable in any criminal situation, though the law is still watching.
791. Crimefighting Mastery,4.3
#You are almost superhumanly skilled in every form of crimefighting and law enforcement, capable of tracking, investigating and taking down criminals through sheer intellect or brute force. Your toolkit draws on advanced police, federal, and special military training.
792. Criminology Mastery,3.8
#You are a master of criminology, able to study crime and deviant behavior and intuitively work out a criminal's motivations, patterns and next moves. Profiling, behavioral analysis and investigative reasoning all come naturally to you.
793. Croquet Mastery,0.4
#You are a master of croquet. Hoops, wickets, mallets, wooden balls on a grass court — you dominate the lawn. Useful at garden parties and almost nowhere else.
794. Cross Proficiency,3.3
#You are exceptionally skilled at using crosses as weapons in combat. Whether wielding physical crucifixes or ones formed from divine energy, you can bash, slash, throw and wield them with devastating precision, especially against demonic foes.
795. Crossbow Proficiency,3.2
#You possess expert proficiency with crossbows of all kinds, from hand-held arbalests to heavy siege bowguns. You can reload rapidly even on the bulkiest mechanisms, and your aim is lethal. You need both hands and clear sight to make use of it.
796. Crossing Attack,2.8
#You can unleash an X-shaped slashing attack, typically performed with twin blades but possible with bare hands if your strength is sufficient. The crossing trajectory makes it hard to parry cleanly.
797. Crouch Running,1.1
#You can run while crouched faster and more smoothly than anyone has any right to, letting you sneak around and set up takedowns. You still make some noise and cannot sprint at full pace.
798. Crowbar Proficiency,2.6
#You are a master of the crowbar, wielding it as a devastating close-quarters bludgeon capable of caving in skulls, cracking armor and prying open structures. You also know how to use it for its actual intended purpose. May encourage brutality and bloodlust.
799. Cryogenics Mastery,3.8
#You are a master of cryogenics, the branch of physics dealing with extreme low temperatures, along with cryonics, cryopreservation and cryobiology. You can design cryo-chambers, preserve organisms indefinitely, and understand the fundamentals of how matter behaves at the edge of absolute zero.
805. Cryptography Mastery,3.8
#You are the ultimate cryptographer, capable of designing unbreakable ciphers on the fly and cracking any encryption given enough time. Codes unravel in your mind as naturally as reading a book, and no secret written down is truly safe from you.
806. Cryptozoology Mastery,3.6
#You are a master of cryptozoology, knowing the habits, habitats and natures of every legendary creature said to walk the earth. You can track a yeti across a blizzard, recognise a chupacabra's mark or coax a lake monster to the surface, although this does not grant any actual control over them.
810. Crystallomancy,2.6
#By gazing into a crystal, usually a crystal ball, you can enter a trance and receive visions of the past, present, or future, or insight into a problem at hand. Requires time and concentration, and a cracked crystal shows nothing.
811. Cue Stick Proficiency,1.4
#You know how to use a cue stick for its intended purpose, and also as a makeshift weapon in a pinch. Cue sticks break easily though, so don't expect to take many hits.
812. Culinary Combat,4.2
#You are a master of culinary combat, a fighting style that weaponizes utensils, cooking techniques, and even ingredients. You can attack with the precision of a master chef, and in the middle of a fight you can literally cook your opponents alive.
813. Culinary Mastery,3.5
#You are a master of the culinary arts, able to prepare any dish with professional skill and creativity. Your knowledge of ingredients, techniques, and flavor combinations rivals the greatest chefs in the world, though you cannot simply conjure food from nothing.
814. Curling Mastery,1.5
#You are a master of curling, able to slide stones across the ice with uncanny precision and sweep your way to victory in every match. Canada loves you.
818. Cursed Sword Proficiency,4.7
#You are a master wielder of cursed blades, granting you a wide array of curse-based abilities through your swordplay. Your strikes inflict hexes, but prolonged wielding risks you inheriting the same curse as your blade.
819. Cutlass Proficiency,2.6
#You are a master of the cutlass, the short broad sabre beloved by sailors, pirates and naval boarders. In your hands it dances between cleaving and slicing with a grace most swordsmen never reach.
820. Cymbal Mastery,0.7
#You are a master of playing cymbals. You can crash, ride, and choke them with impeccable timing and technique. A niche but undeniably impressive talent at any orchestra or marching band.
821. Dambe Mastery,3.6
#You are a master of dambe, the martial art of the Hausa people. Your strong-side fist is the spear, wrapped in knotted cord and devastating in close quarters, while your open-palm shield hand grabs and controls, and your chain-wrapped lead leg strikes with brutal efficiency on both offense and defense.
822. Dance Combat,4.5
#You have integrated the art of dance into your combat style, each movement flowing seamlessly into the next with the grace of a dancer and the lethality of a martial artist. Your footwork is impossibly light, your strikes unpredictable, and you weave through attacks as if they were choreography only you know.
828. Dark Science,5.4
#You have mastered the malefic branches of science the ethics boards scream about. Reanimating corpses, stitching life from offcuts, weaponizing biology, unnatural chemistry, you know how to do it and how to do it well. Prolonged practice tends to erode empathy and push the user toward cold cruelty.
831. Darts Mastery,1.4
#You have a master's eye for the bullseye and a rock-steady grip on the dart. You will dominate any pub game and could go pro with minimal additional training, but the applications outside of dart throwing are slim.
833. De-Extinction,4.1
#You have the scientific knowledge to reverse the extinction of species, using cloning, selective breeding, and genetic alteration to bring back creatures long gone. The results are rarely perfect, however, and the resurrected species are usually hybrids or altered versions of the original. Requires some genetic material from the source species to work at all.
839. Decapitation,3.5
#You possess the lethal skill to decapitate opponents with a single decisive strike, usually with a blade but potentially with your bare hands given enough strength. Useless against cutting immunity, invulnerability or anyone who can survive without a head.
840. Deception Mastery,4.5
#You are a master deceiver, capable of lying, manipulating and influencing others with flawless body language and perfect delivery. You feel no guilt, no tells, no hesitation. You can read what people want to hear and give it to them in exactly the right tone. Does not work on Lie Detection or Truth Detection users.
841. Decodification,2.6
#You can break codes, ciphers, and encrypted messages with supernatural ease. Whether it's an ancient rune seal or a modern encryption key, your brain chews through it far faster than any regular cryptographer. Complex ciphers still take time, and you may still get confused on truly alien systems.
842. Deduction Mastery,4.6
#You are a master detective in the vein of Sherlock Holmes. Micro-expressions, dust patterns, stitching of a coat, the wear on someone's shoes - all of it tells you a story. You connect dots at lightning speed and accurately predict chains of events. Still requires familiarity with relevant languages and cultures to fully leverage.
843. Defendu Mastery,3.6
#You are a master of Defendu, the brutally pragmatic martial art designed for rapid lethality. Groin, throat, eyes, shins - you strike vital points with boxing, wrestling, savate, and jujutsu fused into a few efficient moves. Fights end in seconds when you commit.
844. Enhanced Defense,3.3
#You possess enhanced skill in all forms of defense, from blocking and parrying to dodging and tanking hits without a scratch. You can defend against nearly anything that comes your way, though the skill is purely defensive and offers no offensive edge.
845. Supernatural Defense,5.3
#Your defensive skill is beyond human limits, verging on the supernatural. Blocking a sword swing, parrying a bullet, dodging an explosion, taking a hit without a scratch - all of it is within your reach. Purely defensive, but at this level that is more than enough to survive almost anything.
846. Peak Human Defense,2.3
#You possess peak human skill in defense, blocking, parrying, dodging, and tanking hits at the absolute limit of what an unenhanced human body can achieve. You're the kind of fighter who walks away from a brawl without a bruise.
847. Defensive Combat,3.8
#You are trained to blend raw durability into martial combat, enduring attacks and fighting for long stretches while pulling off reckless techniques that would kill anyone without your defensive backing. Requires actual combat training to shine.
849. Degustation Mastery,2.2
#You are a master of degustation, able to sample, compare and evaluate any food or drink with incredible precision. You can pick out individual ingredients, detect poisons, and identify the origin of a dish with a single taste. Useless if you suffer from a tasting deficiency.
850. Delivery Mastery,2.3
#You are an unparalleled master of getting things from point A to point B. Whether by road, sea, air, or sneakier means, you know the fastest routes, the best methods, and how to ensure your package arrives intact. Smuggling counts too.
854. Demonic Knife Proficiency,3.8
#You are highly skilled with knives and daggers forged from or infused with demonic energy. The power does not extend to larger blades - a longsword in your hands is just a longsword - but in close quarters with the right blade you are something nightmarish.
855. Demonic Polearm Proficiency,4.2
#You are a master at wielding polearms imbued with or made of demonic energy, whether spear, halberd, naginata or scythe. The infernal nature of the weapon grants it a variety of dark offensive and defensive capabilities, and your proficiency lets you bring the most out of every strike and guard.
856. Demonic Sword Proficiency,4.5
#You are a master of wielding a demonic sword, either a blade of pure infernal origin or one imbued with demonic energy through your own skill. The weapon grants unholy abilities suited to its nature while your own swordsmanship is elevated by its infernal edge. The weapon may try to overwhelm your will in moments of weakness.
857. Demonology Mastery,3.8
#You are a master demonologist, possessing deep and intuitive knowledge of demons, their origins, their hierarchies, their anatomy and their weaknesses. You know the rites of exorcism, the true names written in forgotten grimoires, and how to research a demon you've never seen before to figure out how to banish it.
859. Dental Combat,2.2
#You are skilled at fighting using your teeth, biting and mauling opponents with trained precision. Hope you have a good dentist, because teeth tend to break against armored foes and reinforced skin.
860. Dentistry Mastery,2.1
#You are a master of dentistry, capable of treating, repairing and maintaining teeth for your own species or others. You cannot heal mouth wounds directly, but there is no cavity, abscess or crooked jaw you cannot fix with time and the right tools.
864. Destruction Mastery,3.3
#You are a master of demolition and deconstruction, able to efficiently bring down buildings, ships, bridges, and concrete formworks with precise knowledge of where to strike. Less of a supernatural power and more of expert craftsmanship in the art of breaking things.
869. Dice Game Mastery,3.8
#You are the ultimate dice game player, playing every game involving dice with automatic perfect skill, technique and timing. From craps to backgammon to any obscure tavern gamble, you dominate the competition through an unearthly sense of the dice themselves and the flow of chance around the table.
871. Dice Proficiency,2.6
#You are a master of wielding dice as weapons, whether flicking them like bullets, palming them in melee, or loading them with enough spin to crack bone. Your dice can still be broken, so keep a set of good ones.
875. Dim Mak Mastery,5.2
#You are a master of the Death Touch, capable of killing, crippling, or damaging targets by striking their pressure points with seemingly gentle force. A single tap to the right spot can stop a heart, paralyze a limb, or delay a kill by hours. Against supernaturally durable targets you may need more energy and precision to land an effective strike.
880. Disarming Mastery,4.5
#You are a master of disarming techniques, able to strip weapons from armed opponents using only your bare hands or their own weapons against them. Attacks aimed at you are almost automatically redirected into a disarm, though concealed weapons and innate natural weaponry remain a problem.
881. Disco Mastery,2.1
#You are a master of disco, the dance and the subculture. You can pull off the Bump, the Penguin, the Boogaloo, the Watergate and the Robot flawlessly, and you freestyle with the best of them. At the very least, you'll never embarrass yourself on a dance floor again.
884. Disguise Mastery,3.3
#You are a master of disguise, able to conceal your identity and alter your physical appearance using makeup, props, posture and voice work to avoid identification. With enough preparation you can pass as almost anyone, though wearing too many faces for too long may cause the personas to bleed into your own personality.
885. Displaced Space Maneuvering,2.7
#You can move with perfect coordination through spaces that are rotating, tilting or otherwise in motion around you. Fighting inside a spinning room, running across a collapsing bridge, or navigating a tumbling spaceship is no different to you than walking down a hallway.
888. Divination,4.9
#You are practiced in divination, the occult art of reading the past, present and future through standardized rituals and patterns. You can commune with gods, spirits and demons, interpret dreams, uncover forgotten secrets and foretell future events, though it is useless against those with Psychic Shield or Precognitive Immunity.
889. Divine Arts,6.7
#You are trained in the Divine Arts, a specialized system of techniques that channel heavenly essence and call upon holy entities. Practitioners can conjure sacred elements, supernaturally enhance their body and access heavenly materials. Lack of proper knowledge risks dangerous backlash or even possession by the holy forces you invoke.
890. Divine Sword Proficiency,5.4
#You are a master swordsman when wielding blades of divine origin, or can imbue divine energy into any sword you pick up to grant it holy properties. Your swordplay is inseparable from the divine power that flows through it, and each strike carries the weight of heaven. May falter against demonic blades.
891. Dodgeball Mastery,1.6
#You are a master of dodgeball, the noble sport of chucking balls at people while avoiding being hit yourself. Your aim, reflexes, and catches are all supernaturally sharp within this very specific context. Gym class legend, otherwise unremarkable.
892. Doll Arts,5.4
#You have mastered the Doll Arts, a specialized system of techniques built around doll-based power. Through training, you can wield dolls and figurines in supernatural ways, channeling energy through them, enhancing your physical abilities using their connection, and performing techniques ranging from combat to healing to enchantment.
894. Doll Proficiency,4.1
#You are a master of wielding dolls, puppets, and marionettes as weapons. In your hands a simple children's toy becomes a deadly armament, and strung puppets dance through the air cutting down foes with a skill no ordinary puppeteer could hope to match.
895. Domain Arts,6.6
#You have trained in the Domain Arts, a specialized system of techniques built around sovereign power over spheres of influence. Domains can range from physical landmasses and realms to conceptual territories like ideas or elemental forces, and with proper knowledge you can exercise authority over them in ways that make gods uneasy.
897. Double Slash,2.7
#You are able to perform an expert double-slashing motion with bladed weapons or your own limbs, delivering two cuts in a single continuous attack. Useful for breaking through guards and finishing opponents who survived the first blow.
898. Double Strike,2.5
#You are able to deliver a true double strike with both arms or legs at once, where power is equal in both limbs rather than divided between them. A properly executed double strike hits far harder than two normal strikes.
899. Double-Bladed Sword Proficiency,3.6
#You have mastered the art of wielding a double-bladed sword. Your movements flow seamlessly between offense and defense, both ends of the weapon spinning in a continuous lethal dance. You can unleash rapid unpredictable attacks while keeping a near-impenetrable guard, making you equally dangerous in duels and large-scale battles.
901. Double-Sided Axe Proficiency,3.2
#You are a master of wielding a double-sided axe. Every swing can transition into a return strike from the opposite blade, letting you chain attacks in both directions without breaking momentum.
902. Double-Sided Knife Proficiency,2.9
#You are a master of wielding double-sided knives and daggers. Both ends of the blade are deadly in your hands, allowing you to strike and cut in quick succession and turn every parry into an instant counter.
903. Double-Sided Polearm Proficiency,3.5
#You are a master of wielding double-sided polearms. You can switch between striking with either end with ease, the long shaft and short heads making the transition seamless without having to change hand position. A practical and versatile battlefield weapon.
904. Double-Sided Scythe Proficiency,3.4
#You are a master of wielding a double-sided scythe. A weapon of reapers and harvesters made deadlier by having twin blades, your spins and arcs can cleave through multiple opponents in a single sweep.
905. Double-Sided Weapon Proficiency,3.7
#You have a natural aptitude for wielding any double-sided weapon, blade or blunt. You can deflect bullets, cleave through steel, strike weak points with precision and hold back your force to subdue rather than kill. Every weapon with two working ends feels as natural in your hands as breathing.
906. Dracology Mastery,4.2
#You are a master of dracology, the scientific discipline that studies dragons, their biology, ecology, behavior, evolution and weaknesses. With enough fieldwork and fossil study you can identify a dragon's species, lineage and vulnerabilities at a glance, and predict its behavior with uncanny accuracy.
907. Draconic Claw Proficiency,4.0
#You are a master of fighting with draconic claws, whether natural growths or claw-gauntlets infused with draconic energy. Your strikes carry all the ferocity of a dragon's swipe, and you can rip through armor like parchment, though you may not wield other weapons with the same grace.
908. Draconic Sword Arts,6.0
#You are a practitioner of the Draconic Sword Arts, a specialized system that coats your blade in dragon essence. With proper training you can perform feats ranging from basic draconic cuts to slicing through the heavens with a mere tree branch, so long as it serves as your conduit.
909. Draconic Sword Proficiency,4.5
#You are a master of wielding draconic swords, whether innately or through training, with an intuitive understanding of how to channel dragon essence through a blade. Whatever type of draconic sword you pick up, you wield it as if you were born with it in your hands.
911. Dragon Combat,5.6
#You are a master of Dragon Style martial arts, combining draconic energies, elements, and magic with physical combat skills. Your style is as versatile as it is devastating, flowing between offense and defense with the grace and ferocity of a dragon in flight.
912. Dragon Riders Aptitude,3.8
#You are a master of riding dragons, either by innate talent or training. You instinctively know how to mount, guide and bond with draconic steeds, reading their moods and coordinating in battle as if you shared a mind. Wild dragons may still throw you though.
913. Drawing Mastery,3.6
#You are a master drawer, capable of producing any style or subject of visual art flawlessly and effortlessly. Regardless of theme or technique, your sketches, paintings and illustrations come out with perfect composition and aesthetic value.
915. Dreamtime Arts,6.6
#You are a practitioner of the mystic arts of the Dreamtime, the primordial Mythic Age in Australian Aboriginal belief when the world was newly shaped and its forms decided. Through these arts you can touch the creative currents that made the world, channeling primordial forces through song, dance and ritual.
916. Drill Proficiency,3.0
#Gurren Lagann vibes - You have deep proficiency with drills of every size and shape, wielding them as tools, weapons and instruments of spiral-fueled determination. In your hands, a drill can burrow, blast and pierce the heavens.
917. Drone Combat,4.3
#You seamlessly integrate drones into your physical combat, weaving strikes with drone support fire, using them as platforms, shields and extensions of your own body. In your hands, a swarm of drones becomes as natural as any weapon.
918. Drone Operations Mastery,3.5
#You are a master operator of drones of every kind, from consumer quadcopters to military UAVs and autonomous swarms. You can fly them through impossible maneuvers, coordinate multiple units at once, and squeeze performance out of them beyond their specs.
919. Drum Combat,2.3
#You know how to fight using drums as your weapon of choice, turning sticks, rims and shells into bludgeons. Specially built drums can even launch projectiles from their heads.
920. Drumming Mastery,2.8
#You are a master of every kind of drum, from kits and timpani to taiko, djembe and hand drums. Your rhythm is flawless, your stamina behind the kit seemingly endless, and any drum placed before you feels like an old friend.
921. Drunken Combat,3.9
#You can blend inebriation with combat skill, using stumbling, swaying movements to throw off opponents and deliver unpredictable strikes. The drunker you get, the weirder and harder to read you become, though you need actual alcohol in your system for it to work.
922. Drunken Fist Mastery,4.7
#You are a master of Zui Quan, the Chinese martial art of drunken boxing. Your body sways as if intoxicated, your strikes come from impossible angles, and your soft, loose musculature lets jin flow from your dantian out through your limbs with deceptive power. Trapping range, grappling, chin na and bone-rattling strikes all flow together in a stumbling dance.
923. Drunken Swordsmanship,4.2
#You combine inebriation with swordplay, your blade weaving in drunken arcs that no sober opponent can predict. The more you drink, the more unreadable your cuts become, though you need alcohol in your system to fight at your best.
924. Dual Arrow Proficiency,3.1
#You are proficient at nocking and loosing two arrows from the same bow at once, with accuracy and power matching archers who fire one at a time. Particularly effective in close-quarters archery exchanges.
925. Dual Axe Proficiency,3.6
#You are a master of wielding two axes at once, with speed and power that lets you cut through steel, deflect bullets and decimate anything in reach. Your twin axes give you versatility no single-axe wielder can match.
926. Dual Bladed Weapon Proficiency,3.7
#You can wield any pair of bladed weapons with incredible ease in combat, from twin daggers to paired longswords. Your off-hand is just as deadly as your main and your flurries of edges are very hard to parry.
927. Dual Blunt Weapon Proficiency,3.3
#You are a master of wielding two blunt weapons at once, flowing between bludgeoning strikes with both hands as easily as most people walk. Maces, clubs, hammers, tonfa, all become deadly in your twin grip.
928. Dual Boomerang Proficiency,3.4
#You are a master of wielding two boomerangs at once, throwing and catching them in intricate arcs that let you attack from multiple angles simultaneously. You can also use them as close-range cutters when the throws come back.
929. Dual Broadsword Proficiency,3.8
#You are a master of wielding two broadswords at once with speed, power and skill enough to cut through steel and deflect bullets. Your paired blades give you reach and force that a single-broadsword fighter cannot match, though swinging two heavy swords demands a constant mental juggling act.
930. Dual Chain Proficiency,3.5
#You are a master of wielding two chains at once, whirling them in overlapping orbits to crush, ensnare and decimate anything that steps into their range. Ideal for fighters who like to keep opponents at a distance they control.
931. Dual Chainsaw Proficiency,3.9
#You are a master of dual wielding chainsaws, roaring through wood, bone and flesh with a saw in each hand. The noise gives you away long before you arrive, but by then it is usually too late for whoever hears it.
932. Dual Chakram Proficiency,3.4
#You are a master of dual wielding chakrams, the bladed throwing rings of the Indian subcontinent. You can hurl them in paired arcs or spin them on your fingers as melee blades, so long as both your arms are working.
933. Dual Cleaver Proficiency,3.2
#You are a master of wielding two cleavers at once, hacking with brutal efficiency in both hands. As suited to a battlefield as to a butcher's block, and just as visceral either way.
934. Dual Club Proficiency,2.9
#You are a master of wielding two clubs at once, raining down bludgeoning blows from both hands with ease. Simple, brutal and surprisingly hard to defend against.
935. Dual Crossbow Proficiency,3.3
#You are a master of wielding two crossbows at once, reloading heavy mechanisms with impossible speed and even swinging them as improvised melee weapons when foes close in. Ranged crossbow duels become extremely one-sided in your favour.
936. Dual Cutlass Proficiency,3.7
#You are a master of wielding two cutlasses at once, with the speed and power to cut through steel and deflect bullets. The curved blades flow into each other in sweeping pirate-style combinations that a single-cutlass swordsman simply cannot keep up with.
937. Dual Fan Proficiency,3.4
#You are a master of wielding two fans at once, moving between graceful dance and lethal combat without missing a beat. You know every fan intimately, from war fans to folding dancers, and your twin fans can redirect arrows, conceal strikes and slice throats with equal elegance.
938. Dual Flail Proficiency,3.6
#You are a master of dual wielding flails, whirling two chained heads in overlapping patterns that make approach nearly impossible. Takes real mental focus to keep both flails from tangling, but when it works it shatters anything in reach.
939. Dual Gun Proficiency,4.0
#You are a master of wielding two guns at once, most often pistols, with the speed and accuracy of John Woo at his peak. You can subdue entire rooms in a single spread of fire and double the damage you pour into any larger target, turning every gunfight into a storm of lead.
940. Dual Hammer Proficiency,3.6
#You are a master of wielding two hammers at once, with the speed and power to deflect bullets, pulverise large targets and hammer through steel. Twin hammers give you versatility and crushing force no single-hammer wielder can match.
941. Dual Handgun Proficiency,3.9
#You are a master of wielding two handguns at once, pouring twice the firepower into any engagement. You can clear rooms, suppress groups and dump rounds into large targets at a rate that single-pistol shooters can only dream of.
942. Dual Jian Proficiency,4.0
#You are a master of wielding twin jians, the straight double-edged swords of China. With a blade in each hand you can deflect bullets, carve through steel and decimate whole formations, and your footwork and reach outclass any single-jian swordsman. Relying too heavily on the blades rather than your own body will leave your technique hollow.
943. Dual Katana Proficiency,4.1
#You have mastered Nitoryu, wielding a katana in each hand or the classic daishō pairing of katana and wakizashi. Your blades move fast enough to knock bullets out of the air, carve through steel and decimate small structures, and you can pull your strikes finely enough to incapacitate without killing.
944. Dual Knife Proficiency,3.6
#You are a master of dual wielding daggers and knives, moving with enough speed and precision to cut through steel and finish a fight before your opponent realises it has begun. You can also hold back your strikes to wound rather than kill. Equal-length blades can tangle each other up in a close melee if you are not careful.
945. Dual Kunai Proficiency,3.4
#You are a master of the dual kunai, the short iron tool-turned-weapon of the shinobi. You can hurl them with pinpoint accuracy at any range a throwing weapon allows, or carve up foes in close quarters with a blade in each hand.
946. Dual Lance Proficiency,3.0
#You can wield two lances at once with incredible ease, whether on foot or from horseback. A charge from you is enough to skewer anyone unlucky enough to be standing in the line.
947. Dual Longsword Proficiency,4.0
#You are a master of wielding a longsword in each hand, strong enough to deflect bullets, cleave through steel and lay waste to wide swathes of ground with a single sweeping arc. Your reach and versatility outstrip any single-longsword duelist.
948. Dual Mace Proficiency,3.0
#You can wield two maces in combat with incredible ease. Armor, shields and bones all cave in under your blows.
949. Dual Nunchaku Proficiency,3.5
#You are a master of dual nunchaku, the Okinawan flail of two sticks joined by chain. You can swing them in complex flurries that baffle the eye, wrap them around an enemy's wrist or weapon to disarm, and strike with the snapping force of a pair of whipping maces.
950. Dual Polearm Proficiency,3.1
#You can wield two polearms at once with incredible ease during combat, using the reach and leverage of both to keep entire squads at bay.
951. Dual Rifle Proficiency,3.6
#You can wield a rifle in each hand, pouring out twice the firepower as you mow down multiple targets at once. You can also use the stocks and barrels as bludgeons in close quarters while still firing. Ammunition runs out fast, and the reloads leave you vulnerable.
952. Dual Rotary Machine Gun Proficiency,4.3
#You can wield two miniguns, one in each hand, raining a wall of lead on entire formations. You require enhanced strength just to hold them steady, and the recoil, weight and sheer noise make you impossible to ignore on any battlefield. Accuracy and ammunition are the first things you sacrifice.
953. Dual Sabre Proficiency,4.0
#You are a master of dual sabres, carving arcs through the air with enough speed to deflect bullets and cut through steel. Your flowing cavalry style turns every engagement into a whirlwind of curved blades.
954. Dual Sai Proficiency,3.8
#You have mastered the dual sai, the three-pronged truncheon of Okinawa. You can catch and snap enemy blades between the tines, deflect bullets and strike with enough force to punch through steel plate.
955. Dual Saw Proficiency,3.4
#You are a master of dual wielding saws and serrated weapons of all kinds, from hand saws and chainsaws to jagged swords. Your style favors savagery over elegance, tearing through weapons, stone and flesh alike. Powered saws still need fuel and maintenance, and a careless swing can bite you instead of your target.
956. Dual Scimitar Proficiency,4.0
#You are a master of dual scimitars, the curved blades of the deserts and steppes. You can deflect bullets, cleave through steel and decimate areas with sweeping arcs, and you can pull your strikes to wound rather than kill.
957. Dual Scythe Proficiency,3.3
#You can wield two scythes in combat with incredible ease, hooking, reaping and slashing with the ominous grace of a twin-bladed reaper.
958. Dual Shield Proficiency,2.8
#You can wield two shields at once, turning yourself into a walking bulwark. You can bash, block and pin opponents between the two, though your offensive options are obviously limited to what you can do with a slab of metal in each hand.
959. Dual Shotgun Proficiency,3.8
#You can wield a shotgun in each hand with deadly efficiency, unloading a devastating wall of shot or slugs that can clear a hallway in one pull of the triggers. Accuracy at long range is poor, reloading is a nightmare, and the recoil would break a lesser shooter's wrists.
960. Dual Sickle Proficiency,3.5
#You are a master of dual sickles, the curved agricultural blade turned weapon. You can hook limbs, disarm weapons, and with training even use them kusarigama-style on a chain or hurl them like boomerangs that return to your hand.
961. Dual Spatula Proficiency,1.5
#You are a master of dual-wielding spatulas, whether for flipping pancakes with inhuman flair or for improvising a surprisingly effective pair of weapons in the middle of a kitchen brawl.
962. Dual Spear Proficiency,3.1
#You can wield two spears at once with incredible ease during combat, controlling a wide perimeter of reach with a pair of thrusting points that are nearly impossible to get past.
963. Dual Staff Proficiency,3.0
#You can wield two staves at once with incredible ease, using their reach and leverage to strike, sweep and parry from every angle at once.
964. Dual Submachine Gun Proficiency,3.7
#You can wield an SMG in each hand, spraying twice the bullets across twice the targets. You can also use the weapons as bludgeons in close quarters while still firing. Ammunition burns fast and the constant reloads leave you vulnerable.
965. Dual Sword Proficiency,4.1
#You are a master of Nitoryu, the Two Swords Style, wielding a blade in each hand with expertise enough to deflect bullets, carve through steel and decimate wide areas. Your versatility and angles of attack leave any single-sword duelist outclassed.
966. Dual Tessen Proficiency,3.6
#You are a master of dual tessen, the iron-ribbed Japanese war fan. You can flick them open to parry blades, hurl them like chakrams, and fight in the elegant close-range style of tessenjutsu with a fan in each hand. In your hands a simple folded fan kills as surely as a sword.
967. Dual Wakizashi Proficiency,3.5
#You are a master of dual wakizashi, the short curved companion blade of the samurai. You excel in the close and the sudden - indoor brawls, sudden reversals, and the kind of knife-fight range where a katana becomes a liability.
968. Dual Whip Proficiency,3.3
#You are a master of dual whips, cracking them with enough precision and speed to snatch weapons, bind limbs and shred targets across a wide area. Landing both strikes at once on the same point takes serious focus.
969. Dual Whip Sword Proficiency,4.2
#You are a master of dual whip swords, the urumi-like chain blades that flex and lash like steel ribbons. In your hands they carve through steel, deflect bullets and cover a terrifying radius with a single spin, turning you into a meat grinder that anything stepping within range is fed into.
970. Dual Wielding,3.4
#You are a master of fighting with a weapon in each hand, whether that be twin swords, a sword and shield, akimbo pistols, or any other pairing. You deal damage from twice as many angles, punish openings twice as fast, and can hold your own against multiple opponents. Your defense is slightly weaker for committing both hands to offense.
971. Dual Wrist-Mounted Blade Proficiency,3.4
#You are a master of fighting with a blade mounted on each wrist, whether fixed gauntlet claws or spring-loaded hidden blades. Your hands remain free for grappling and climbing, and every punch, parry and block suddenly becomes a lethal cut.
972. Dual Wrist-Mounted Gun Proficiency,3.5
#You are a master of wielding a gun mounted on each wrist, firing down the line of your forearm with your hands still free to fight, climb or grapple. A flick of the wrist is all it takes to put a round on target.
973. Dual Wrist-Mounted Weapon Proficiency,3.5
#You are a master of wielding any pair of wrist-mounted weapons, from hidden blades and flamethrowers to grappling hooks and miniature cannons. Your hands stay free and every gesture becomes a strike.
974. Dual Yo-yo Proficiency,2.6
#You are a master of dual wielding yo-yos, whipping them on their strings with enough speed and precision to tangle, strike and disarm. A cut string or a bad tangle can leave you with nothing but two dangling toys.
975. Dual-Headed Blade Proficiency,3.7
#You have mastered polearms with a blade at each end, weapons that would slice their wielder apart in untrained hands. You can spin them like buzzsaws to confuse enemies and stack slashing hits, or hold them steady as whirling defensive walls nothing can pass through.
976. Duet Mastery,2.2
#You are a master of duet, the musical form written for two performers of equal importance. Whether singing or playing, you can anticipate and complement a partner flawlessly, and any piece you perform together becomes greater than the sum of its parts.
977. Dumbbell Proficiency,1.6
#You are a master of wielding dumbbells as weapons, swinging, throwing and bludgeoning with them like a seasoned brawler. Requires a fair amount of physical strength to actually put the mastery to use.
979. Dynamic Arts,5.7
#You are a practitioner of the Dynamic Arts, a martial discipline built entirely around raw physical power. Every strike is an expression of brute force, and with enough mastery the sheer might behind your blows can be enough to warp reality itself. Drawing power from external sources can add elemental effects to your strikes.
980. Dynamite Proficiency,2.3
#You are a master of handling dynamite. You know exactly how long to hold a lit stick before throwing, how to place charges for maximum effect, and how to not blow yourself up in the process. Usually.
981. Dyson Sphere Construction,6.8
#(Tech) You possess the knowledge and expertise to plan, design and construct a Dyson Sphere, a colossal shell encasing a star to harness its full energy output. Given enough time, resources and labor, you can build a habitable shell around a sun or weaponize an entire star.
984. Easter Arts,3.6
#You are trained in a specialized system of techniques centered around the phenomenon of Easter. You can channel the embodiments of rebirth, spring and celebration into offensive strikes, defensive wards or healing rites. Lack of proper knowledge can cause the techniques to backfire.
985. Eating Combat,3.2
#You have incorporated your immense eating abilities into a legitimate fighting style, chomping through weapons, armor and opponents alike. Your jaw strength and stomach capacity are the real weapons here, and overusing it puts a nasty strain on your body.
986. Economics Mastery,3.3
#You are a master of economics, understanding the true nature of resources, scarcity and choice far beyond what any textbook teaches. You can read markets like an open book, predict economic trends, and manipulate supply chains and wealth flow with terrifying precision.
988. Ectoplasm Arts,4.7
#You are trained in a specialized system of techniques based around ectoplasmic power. You can channel the ghostly substance as raw energy, weaponized mist, spectral constructs or defensive membranes using esoteric techniques. Lack of proper knowledge can cause the power to bleed out or turn on you.
989. Efficacy Mastery,4.6
#You are a master of getting the absolute best out of yourself, your abilities, and your circumstances. You instinctively plan, analyse and act with perfect efficiency, making the most of whatever you have available and pushing yourself to the exact edge of your potential every time.
990. Efficient Combat,3.3
#You fight with a frightening economy of motion, every strike placed perfectly, no wasted swings. You can fight intensively for far longer than you should be able to, though you will still tire eventually if pushed past your limits.
991. Egyptology Mastery,3.2
#You are a master Egyptologist, with a comprehensive knowledge of the mythology, lore, language, history and civilization of ancient Egypt. You can read hieroglyphs at a glance, identify any artifact and recite the names and domains of every god in the pantheon. Extremely useful if you ever find yourself in a tomb.
995. Elasticity Arts,4.7
#You are trained in the Elasticity Arts, a specialized martial discipline built entirely around pliable, stretchable forms. You can compress, contort and extend yourself into attacks, shields and traps, turning your own body into a weapon of deformation. Requires a pliable form to work, natural or otherwise.
996. Eldritch Arts,5.7
#You are trained in the Eldritch Arts, a specialized system of techniques rooted in Lovecraftian power rather than any familiar source. Your practices defy logic and physics in ways more grounded magic cannot, letting you impose godlike effects on reality. Lack of proper knowledge can cause your power to backfire in horrifying ways.
999. Eldritch Studies Mastery,5.2
#You are a master of the works of Lovecraft and the creatures within, able to parse eldritch body language, intuit their designs, and commune with outer entities on a subconscious level. Lesser scholars would lose their minds trying to read what you read like a morning paper.
1000. Electric Battery Combat,2.2
#A martial style built around batteries, you infuse your strikes and throws with the power of whatever cells you are carrying. Strangely effective in the right hands, although you will need to keep a well-stocked pocket to sustain a long fight.
1004. Electrical Engineering Mastery,4.2
#You are a master of electrical engineering, capable of designing and building wiring, circuits, power sources, motors, control systems, and complete power grids with perfect skill and technique. Whatever you touch, you can rewire, repair or upgrade with ease.
1005. Electricity Arts,4.6
#Avatar/Naruto - You are trained in a specialised martial art centred on electricity, a balanced system covering offence, defence, mobility and even healing via controlled current. Practitioners tend to excel equally in power, agility and speed rather than leaning on any single aspect.
1007. Electricity Needle Proficiency,3.3
#You are a master of wielding needles made of or infused with electricity, turning a humble weapon into a wickedly effective conduit for precise shocks. Puncture wounds that also stop the heart.
1010. Electrokinetic Bow Proficiency,3.2
#You are a master of wielding a bow of lightning and loosing arrows infused with electricity. The arrows fly true, pierce armour like foil, and discharge on impact. You still need both hands and a steady stance to shoot effectively.
1012. Electrokinetic Katana Proficiency,3.5
#You are a master of wielding a katana of pure electricity, or one infused with it. Your strikes are swift and precise and the blade crackles with lethal current, making every cut a potential electrocution. Requires extreme finesse, as careless handling could easily injure yourself.
1014. Electrokinetic Sword Proficiency,3.7
#You are a master of wielding a sword of lightning, or a blade infused with electricity. Your skill with the weapon is exceptional and its edge cuts through virtually anything, with a discharge on every strike that stops most opponents cold.
1015. Electromagnetic Arts,5.0
#You can utilize the Electromagnetic Arts, a specialized system of techniques revolving around the manipulation of electromagnetism and electromagnetic fields. Each technique has its own applications, from defensive barriers to focused pulse strikes, and a practitioner skilled in all of them is a walking EMP weapon.
1020. Electronic Music Mastery,2.2
#You are a master of electronic instruments, from the theremin and synthesizer to drum machines and DJ decks. You can compose, produce and perform at a professional level, and any electronic instrument you touch feels like an extension of your hands. Just don't forget to plug in.
1021. Electronics Mastery,3.1
#You are a master of electronics, whether operating complex devices or engineering them from scratch. You can diagnose, repair, and build circuits with ease, and understand electronic systems at a professional engineer's level. Handy for everything from fixing radios to wiring bombs.
1022. Electroshock Arrow Proficiency,1.7
#You are proficient with electroshock arrows, special arrows that stun targets with a heavy electric jolt on impact. Useful for non-lethal takedowns at range, especially against unarmored opponents. You still need to actually get your hands on the arrows.
1023. Electroshock Weapon Proficiency,2.0
#You are a master of electroshock weapons, from tasers and stun guns to cattle prods and shock batons. You know exactly where to strike to drop a target without killing them, and can use more lethal variants just as effectively if the situation calls for it.
1024. Elemental Arts,4.2
#You are trained in the Elemental Arts, a martial discipline that channels natural forces through the body. You can wield fire, water, earth, air and lightning as extensions of your techniques, though you start out limited to one or two elements until further training opens the rest.
1025. Elemental Bow Proficiency,3.5
#You are a master marksman with elemental bows, able to wield any bow infused with elemental power as if you had trained with it your whole life. Your accuracy and draw speed are formidable, though you still need your hands and eyes to aim.
1026. Elemental Card Arts,4.4
#You are trained in the Elemental Card Arts, a discipline of wielding enchanted cards imbued with elemental power. Each card in your deck carries a different effect, and through study you learn to chain them into devastating techniques. Lose your knowledge and you risk the cards turning on you.
1027. Elemental Card Combat,4.1
#You fight with elemental cards woven into your martial style, drawing, flicking, slashing and channelling them in the middle of close combat. Each card changes the nature of your blows, turning an ordinary punch into a frostbite jab or a fire-searing palm strike.
1028. Elemental Card Defense,3.9
#You wield elemental cards for defense, blocking, parrying and deflecting attacks with walls of element summoned from your deck. Perfect for the duelist who treats their hand of cards like a shield wall.
1029. Elemental Claw Proficiency,3.3
#You are highly skilled at fighting with elemental claws, whether pure elemental constructs or claws infused with an element. Against other melee fighters you are vicious; against ranged opponents you are just a guy with sharp fingers.
1030. Elemental Club Proficiency,3.0
#You have mastered the art of swinging clubs made of pure elemental force - stone mauls, flame cudgels, ice maces. Simple weapon, straightforward style, but elemental immunity will counter you hard.
1032. Elemental Dancing,4.1
#You channel and manipulate the elements through dance, every step and spin commanding flame, water, earth or wind. The more beautiful and precise your choreography, the more potent the elemental effect, turning battle into performance.
1034. Elemental Divination,3.9
#You can read the past, present and future by using elements as a focus, pyromancy in flames, hydromancy in water, aeromancy in wind. The clarity of your visions depends on the purity of your chosen medium and your skill in reading it.
1035. Elemental Dual Sword Proficiency,5.2
#You are a master of wielding paired elemental blades, able to deflect bullets, shear through steel, and decimate swathes of terrain with a single flourish. The twin elements give you versatility a single sword cannot match, but relying on the blades too much will stunt your own martial growth.
1036. Elemental Energy Arts,5.4
#You practice a specialised martial system built around cultivating and channelling elemental energy, drawing essence from fire, water, darkness, light and more. The arts allow you to fuse combat, defence and bodily modification with whichever elemental essence you have trained in.
1038. Elemental Hammer Proficiency,3.9
#You are a master of wielding hammers made of or infused with pure elemental power. Whether it's a thunder maul, a hammer of living flame, or a stone warhammer, you swing it with the practiced skill of a veteran warrior and know how to channel the element through every blow.
1039. Elemental Katana Proficiency,4.1
#You are a master of wielding katanas forged from or infused with elemental power. Your draws, cuts, and sheathing motions channel the element perfectly, turning every swing into an elemental technique. A blade of compressed lightning in your hands is terrifying.
1040. Elemental Knife Proficiency,3.7
#You are highly skilled with knives and daggers made of or infused with elements. Whether it's throwing ice kunai, slashing with a flame dagger, or stabbing with a blade of crackling lightning, you wield them with deadly expertise. Your skill does not transfer to larger blades.
1041. Elemental Ninjutsu,4.8
#Naruto - You have trained in ninjutsu combined with elemental release, allowing you to weave hand seals to produce elemental techniques for combat, stealth, and espionage. From fireballs to water dragons to earth walls, your shinobi arsenal is defined by your nature affinity and training.
1042. Elemental Object Arts,4.6
#You have trained in the specialized techniques of wielding elemental objects - accessories, weapons, tools, or apparel imbued with elemental power. Whether divine, demonic, or natural in origin, you know how to draw out their abilities and avoid the dangerous backlash that comes with misuse.
1045. Elemental Polearm Proficiency,3.8
#You are a master of wielding elemental polearms, moving with the haft as though it were an extension of your body. The element the polearm embodies unlocks a variety of combat applications, both offensive and defensive.
1046. Elemental Scythe Proficiency,3.9
#You are a master of wielding elemental scythes, swinging their heavy curved blades as if they weighed nothing and cleaving through targets with practiced precision. The element infusing the scythe lends its own properties to every strike.
1047. Elemental Shuriken Proficiency,3.2
#You are highly skilled in wielding shuriken made of or infused with elemental forces. Depending on the element, your stars can explode, freeze, electrocute or shred on impact. Multiple shuriken thrown in rapid succession drastically improve your effectiveness, though a decent shield or blade can still deflect them.
1049. Elemental Sword Arts,5.2
#You are a practitioner of Elemental Sword Arts, a martial discipline centered on coating, infusing, and reshaping blades with the forces of nature. You can freeze a foe with the tip of your sword, send slashes of flame across a battlefield, or call storms with a single draw. Learning a new element requires fresh training.
1050. Elemental Sword Proficiency,4.0
#You are a master swordsman when wielding blades made of or infused with elemental forces, treating a flame sword or lightning saber as naturally as tempered steel. How long the blade holds shape depends on your skill, and a careless grip can cost you a hand.
1051. Elf Combat,4.2
#You are trained in elven martial arts, a graceful yet lethal fighting style that blends magical affinity with swift, precise movements. Your combat style favors finesse, archery and enchanted blade work, letting you weave spells into every strike.
1052. Embodiment Arts,5.6
#You are trained in the Embodiment Arts, a specialized martial system that lets you act as a conduit for the power of personified forces, concepts and ideas. Through practiced techniques you can channel the power of embodied figures, though improper knowledge or focus may leave you overwhelmed or possessed.
1055. Emotion Concentration,3.2
#You can focus your emotions into a specific part of your body or object to empower attacks, techniques and spells. Without proper training channeling too much at once may leave you weakened.
1056. Emotion Focusing,2.3
#You can focus on a single emotion at will, blocking out all others. This lets you resist Emotion Inducement and makes it easier to trigger powers that rely on specific emotional states.
1057. Emotion Regulation,2.1
#You can regulate your own emotions with precision, keeping yourself from feeling a certain way when you choose to. This grants you some protection against emotional attacks and helps you react calmly to volatile situations.
1058. Emotional Arts,5.3
#You have been trained in the Emotional Arts, a specialized combat and discipline system built around channeling empathic force. Emotions carry deep power across all realms, and mastering this art grants you control over your own mind, instincts and reactions while letting you weaponize feelings against others.
1059. Emotional Intelligence,2.8
#You possess extraordinary emotional intelligence, able to perceive, label, and manage the feelings of yourself and others with uncanny accuracy. You can read a room in seconds, defuse arguments with a sentence, and guide your own thinking using emotion as a tool rather than a burden, though you still have to feel the bad ones yourself.
1061. Energy Arts,4.8
#You are trained in the Energy Arts, a martial discipline built entirely around cultivating and wielding energy. You can channel entropic, kinetic, supernatural or natural forces through your body, turning every strike into an energy technique and using your training for defense and bodily augmentation alike.
1062. Energy Concentration,2.8
#You can focus your energy into specific parts of your body or objects to enhance attacks and techniques. A foundational skill for most energy-based fighters that multiplies the potency of whatever energy you already possess.
1064. Energy Matter Arts,5.4
#A specialized martial discipline built around wielding energy matter - a substance that is both dynamic force and solid material at once. Practitioners can materialize their chosen essence into weapons, armor, or raw attacks mid-combat. Lack of proper training can result in dangerous backlash or power loss.
1068. Energy Ranged Weaponry,4.1
#Allows you to use ranged weapons like bows, slings, guns and cannons as conduits for energy, either channeling it through them or infusing ammunition with it. Useless without the weapon itself, and channeling too much may hurt the user.
1069. Energy Sword Arts,5.2
#You are trained in a specialized martial system built around coating blades with energy. Practitioners range from the basic energy-edged strike to cutting the heavens in half with a tree branch, depending on how deep your understanding of the art runs.
1071. Energy Writing,2.8
#You can write freely using energy as your ink, inscribing with incredible precision and fine detail. Experienced practitioners can encode invisible or delayed messages, and the discipline overlaps heavily with runic and literary magic.
1072. Master Engineering,5.6
#You are a master of engineering in all its forms, automatically designing with perfect skill and timing. You can dissect any new discovery and turn it into a working solution, bending science into whatever structure, machine or contraption the problem demands.
1074. Supernatural Archery,5.7
#Your proficiency with the bow exceeds what is naturally possible, allowing impossible feats like firing multiple arrows with a single shot or loosing an arrow that will always strike its intended target regardless of distance. You're still at a disadvantage if pulled into close quarters.
1075. Enhanced Archery,3.4
#You possess superhuman proficiency with the bow and arrow, able to launch multiple arrows with one shot, use the bow as a melee weapon, and reload even heavy crossbows rapidly. Most of your shots rely on both hands and clear vision to land.
1076. Enhanced Assembly,3.0
#You can assemble structures, machinery and complex constructions at speeds and levels of complexity far beyond the average human. What would take a crew a week you can put together in an afternoon.
1077. Enhanced Clawmanship,3.2
#You are a master of wielding claws as weapons, whether natural or tekkō-kagi, combining brute power with the intimacy of hand-to-hand combat. Breaking an organic claw mid-fight is shockingly painful.
1078. Enhanced Designing,3.5
#You possess extreme levels of design skill, able to plan, concept and arrange elements into objects, processes or systems of immense diversity and variety. Blueprints come to you like doodles to a bored student.
1079. Enhanced Disassembly,3.0
#You can take structures, machinery and complex constructions apart far faster and more cleanly than any normal human, whether for repair or destruction. The same talent that builds a car in an hour can strip it back down in ten minutes.
1081. Enhanced Fashion Design,3.3
#You can flawlessly design any type of clothing to the point of perfection, sometimes working with nothing but scraps and scavenged materials and still producing couture on short notice.
1082. Supernatural Flailmanship,6.5
#Your mastery of flails and chained weaponry is supernatural, letting you perform impossibilities like tearing holes in reality, deflecting gravitational forces with a swing, and striking targets from any distance regardless of the chain's length.
1083. Enhanced Flailmanship,3.1
#You are a master of wielding flails, chained maces, bolas and morningstars, dispatching foes of equal or greater strength with practiced ease. In your hands the flail becomes one of the most versatile weapons in existence, able to deal crushing blows or creatively exploit the chain itself.
1084. Supernatural Gunmanship,6.2
#Your skill with firearms transcends mortal limits. Every shot finds its target regardless of distance, obstacles or logic, and you can split a single pull of the trigger into a volley of impossibly accurate rounds. Only those with absolute reflexes or agility can hope to dodge your bullets.
1085. Enhanced Gunmanship,3.6
#You are a master of firearms of every make and model. Your aim is uncanny, your reloads are faster than thought and you have an intuitive sense for your weapon's quirks. Enemies with supernatural reflexes may still dodge your bullets, and your gun is still a gun; it can jam and it can run dry.
1087. Enhanced Inventing,4.6
#You possess an intuitive grasp of complex scientific principles, allowing you to design and build advanced technological devices, gadgets and weaponry with ease. Given enough time and resources you can build gear capable of mass destruction, but your creations are still bound by conventional physics and can malfunction.
1091. Supernatural Spearmanship,6.5
#Your skill with spears, lances and tridents is supernatural. You can pierce intangible materials, cleave mountains with simple thrusts, create vacuum pockets from sheer motion, pierce targets from a short distance without even moving your body and freely manipulate the length of your weapon. Losing your spear however will leave you heavily disadvantaged.
1092. Enhanced Spearmanship,3.7
#You are a master of spears, tridents, lances, javelins and every variant in between. Your thrusts can deflect bullets, cleave through steel and decimate large objects, and you can hold back your strength precisely to match any foe. Just remember that most conventional spears may break themselves trying to strike through solid stone.
1093. Enhanced Spin Kick,2.3
#Your spin kicks hit far harder than they have any right to, and a full rotation can even lift you briefly off the ground. Spinning too much will leave you dizzy though.
1094. Enhanced Suplex,2.6
#You can execute suplexes with monstrous force, slamming opponents into the ground hard enough to leave craters. Useless if the target breaks out of your grip though.
1096. Entertainment Arts,4.2
#You wield a specialized martial and magical system built around the power of entertainment - acting, singing, dancing, and performance. You can use it offensively, defensively, or even to heal. Without proper knowledge and practice the power can backfire dangerously.
1098. Entity Arts,4.6
#You are a practitioner of the Entity Arts, a supernatural discipline that draws power from beasts, spirits, deities, and demons. With proper ritual and knowledge you can summon them, borrow their strength, or channel their abilities through your body. Improper technique invites possession or backlash from whatever you tried to call on.
1101. Entity Hopping,1.4
#You know how to rapidly cross distances by leaping off the heads and shoulders of other beings, Goomba-stomp style. Good for parkour and embarrassing your enemies, but a misstep still means falling on your face.
1102. Entity Ranged Weaponry,4.1
#You are skilled with ranged weapons (bows, guns, throwing knives, shuriken, slingshots) and can channel entity-based forces through them as a conduit. Your arrows might carry the spirit of a phoenix, your bullets a demon's curse. Useless if you lack a weapon to channel through.
1103. Entomology Mastery,2.3
#You have a complete understanding of insects, their behaviour, biology, and patterns. You can identify almost any bug on sight, predict swarm movements, and handle even the most dangerous specimens without fear. You'd make for a terrifyingly good bug catcher.
1104. Entrepreneurship Mastery,3.9
#You have an uncanny knack for building businesses. You can spot markets and opportunities with almost supernatural clarity, launch ventures that consistently generate profits, and pivot at exactly the right moment. With this skill, going from nothing to obscenely wealthy is more a matter of time than talent.
1105. Entropy Arts,6.0
#You are trained in the Entropy Arts, a specialised system of techniques built around thermodynamic power. Through cultivating the dispersal tendency of energy, you gain access to temperature manipulation, molecular control, and even the interplay of chaos and order. Lack of proper knowledge could lead to power loss or catastrophic backlash.
1107. Environmental Arts,5.6
#You are trained in the Environmental Arts, a supernatural system of techniques that draws power from the territories you connect with. Through communion with a locale you can reshape its inherent nature, channel its elemental forces, and enhance your own abilities using its character. You may be limited to specific types of environments.
1108. Environmental Combat,4.2
#You know how to fight using whatever is around you, be it trees, rubble, weather, wildlife or plain dirt. In a thick forest or a crowded city you fight like a veteran general, in an empty room you're just a regular brawler.
1109. Environmental Mastery,3.2
#You have a deep intuitive understanding of your surroundings, whatever they happen to be. You know the shortcuts, the choke points, the hiding spots and how to make the terrain fight for you, as if you had lived there your entire life.
1110. Equestrian Mastery,2.1
#You are a master equestrian, able to saddle, ride, care for and command any member of the equine family with ease. You can perform riding tricks at full gallop, read a horse's mood at a glance and have an unnatural intuition for horse racing.
1111. Equipment Proficiency,3.1
#You possess superhuman proficiency with equipment of all kinds, able to pick up any tool or device and use it as if you'd trained with it for years. From surgical instruments to industrial cranes, nothing feels unfamiliar in your hands.
1112. Ergo-Pyrokinetic Sword Proficiency,4.2
#You are a master of wielding blades of pure energy flame or swords infused with burning energy. Depending on the type of fire your blade carries, it boasts different abilities, though water and careless finesse can burn you as easily as your enemies.
1113. Ergokinetic Bow Proficiency,3.7
#You are a master of wielding an energy bow, loosing arrows infused with whatever energy your bow is tied to. The variety of effects depends on the energy type, but both your hands are tied up while shooting and you may be limited to energy that already exists around you.
1114. Ergokinetic Claw Proficiency,3.5
#You are highly skilled in wielding energy claws, whether composed of pure energy or infused with it. Your style is brutal and close, and while other bladed weapons feel clumsy in your hands, few melee fighters can trade with you and come out intact.
1116. Ergokinetic Dual Gun Proficiency,4.0
#You are a master of wielding a pair of energy guns, dual-wielding beams and bolts with uncanny accuracy. The two barrels let you suppress, flank and overwhelm targets in ways a single gun simply can't manage.
1117. Ergokinetic Dual Sword Proficiency,4.8
#You are a master of wielding paired energy swords, able to deflect bullets, cleave through steel and temper your strikes to wound without killing. The second blade grants enormous versatility, but two-handed strikes are awkward and relying too heavily on your blades will leave your raw skill stunted.
1118. Ergokinetic Gun Proficiency,3.2
#You are a master at wielding energy-based firearms, from blasters to phasers to laser rifles. Your aim is impeccable and you instinctively understand the quirks of any energy weapon you pick up, whether it fires plasma, particle beams or raw ergokinetic discharges.
1119. Ergokinetic Polearm Proficiency,3.3
#You are a master of wielding polearms made of pure energy or infused with it. Spears, glaives and halberds of light and plasma move in your hands as if you had drilled with them your entire life, effective in both reach and defensive sweeps.
1120. Ergokinetic Scythe Proficiency,3.4
#You are a master of wielding scythes made of pure energy, swinging their normally unwieldy weight as if it were nothing. Each arc cleaves through opponents with terrifying precision, the energy edge biting deeper than any physical blade.
1121. Ergokinetic Weapon Proficiency,4.6
#You are a master of every energy-based weapon that exists, has existed or ever will exist. Swords, hammers, chains, sniper rifles — if it runs on energy, you wield it flawlessly, instantly outclassing any opponent using a similar weapon without effort or hesitation.
1122. Ergokinetic Whip Sword Proficiency,3.8
#You are a master of wielding energy whip swords, the flexible, lashing cousin of the beam blade. Every snap of the weapon cuts with razor precision, deflecting projectiles and slicing limbs clean off with a single well-placed flick.
1124. Escapology Mastery,4.1
#You are a master escape artist, able to wriggle free from any bond, lock, hold or cell you are put in. Handcuffs, ropes, straitjackets and sealed rooms all fall away given a few moments, and you intuitively know the fastest way out of any situation. Escape prevention powers can still lock you down.
1127. Esoteric Drug Proficiency,3.3
#You know how to create, brew and administer drugs with mystical properties, substances that trigger visions, hallucinations and out-of-body experiences. Often used in conjunction with ritual magic to amplify its effects, though users unfamiliar with the dosage may suffer nasty side effects or addiction.
1128. Esoteric Sword Proficiency,4.6
#You are a master of wielding swords made of or infused with supernatural energy. Depending on the energy type, your blade could cut through nearly anything, instantly cripple or kill an opponent with a single stroke, or deflect incoming projectiles with ease. Training with mundane swords is only a fraction of your actual capability.
1129. Esoteric Weapon Proficiency,4.2
#You have full proficiency with weapons that possess supernatural properties, be they magical, demonic, divine or otherwise mystical. You instinctively know how to safely handle, wield and use such weapons without being backfired on, which is no small feat given how volatile supernatural armaments can be.
1130. Espionage Mastery,4.5
#You are the ultimate spy, a master of espionage in every form. Obtaining secrets and confidential information from individuals, organizations and governments comes as naturally to you as breathing, and you instinctively know the perfect technique and timing for any clandestine operation. You are the kind of person who could walk into the Pentagon in a janitor's uniform and walk out with the nuclear codes.
1131. Ethereal Arts,5.4
#You are trained in the Ethereal Arts, a system of techniques that cultivates and manipulates aether and nether, including aura, chi, mana, quintessence, void, and spirit. You can use these energies offensively, defensively, or for healing, though your techniques are bound by what you've learned and improper use can be dangerous.
1133. Etiquette Mastery,3.2
#You have an intuitive and perfect mastery of every form of etiquette, carrying yourself flawlessly in any social situation without a moment of hesitation. You instinctively know the right words, gestures, and body language to send exactly the signals you want, granting you major leverage in courts, dinners, and negotiations alike.
1135. Evasion,2.1
#You possess peak human skill in dodging and evading attacks, letting you slip past strikes from enhanced opponents and dodge gunfire and high-speed projectiles even at point-blank range. Not quite superhuman, but the absolute ceiling of what a trained human can do.
1136. Evocation,5.7
#You are practiced in the art of calling upon spirits and other entities for specific tasks, gathering information or manifesting some desired effect in the physical world. After the operation, you dismiss or banish the entity and complete the work. You are not a supplicant, you are issuing a request, and a small offering afterward is considered good courtesy by most of the things you summon.
1137. Evolutionary Arts,5.5
#You are trained in the Evolutionary Arts, a system of techniques focused on evolving yourself and others. You can advance or decrease evolutionary steps, shift adaptations and forge new species through technique alone. Lack of proper knowledge can lead to catastrophic power loss or unintended mutations, and some techniques may overwhelm or possess careless practitioners.
1139. Excavation Mastery,2.6
#You are a master digger. Whether with bare hands, shovels, or heavy machinery, you know exactly where and how to remove earth with perfect efficiency. You also have an archaeologist's eye for delicate excavation, able to unearth buried artifacts without damaging them.
1140. Exercise Combat,2.7
#You fight by incorporating exercise moves into your martial arts. Jumping jacks become strike combos, burpees become takedowns, squats become grapples. Ridiculous in theory, surprisingly effective in practice, as long as you're actually in shape.
1141. Exercise Equipment Proficiency,2.4
#You are a master at wielding exercise equipment as weapons. Dumbbells become maces, jump ropes become garottes, barbells become polearms. You still need the strength to swing the heavier stuff, but the technique is flawless.
1144. Exercise Mastery,2.5
#You are at the peak of what a human can achieve in exercise. Every workout is efficient, every form perfect, every gain optimized. You still need daily training to maintain it, and Enhanced or Supernatural exercisers will leave you in the dust.
1145. Exhaust Proficiency,2.8
#You are a master of wielding any exhaust-propelled equipment as a weapon. Jetpacks, rocket boots, spaceships, thruster-mounted weapons, the moment you touch one you handle it like a veteran pilot. Great in high-tech settings, niche everywhere else.
1146. Exorcism Arts,4.3
#You are trained in the supernatural arts of exorcism, able to identify possessing entities, gather the right materials, and perform the rituals to cast them out of their hosts. Through practice you gain unusual abilities tied to banishment, letting you control and remove spirits, demons, or deities alike. Without proper knowledge of the offending entity, attempts can go disastrously wrong.
1149. Experimentation Mastery,4.0
#You are a master of experimentation, instinctively grasping the concept behind any scientific procedure you witness and able to design rigorous experiments on the fly. You can spot flawed methodology in another scientist's work at a glance and intuit the proper controls needed for any hypothesis.
1150. Exploding Cigar Proficiency,0.7
#You are unreasonably skilled with exploding trick cigars, knowing exactly how to offer one, light one and get it into the mouth of an unsuspecting mark. Completely useless on anyone who already knows what you're up to.
1151. Exploitation Mastery,5.2
#You are a master of exploitation, instantly perceiving the hidden value in people, systems and relationships and reorganizing it to serve your purposes. Trust, ambition and kindness in others all become usable material in your hands. This is not crude extortion; it is the elegant rearrangement of leverage that nobody but you ever notices.
1152. Explosion Arts,5.3
#You are trained in the Explosion Arts, a specialized martial system built entirely around the cultivation and direction of explosive power. You can channel detonations through your strikes, shape them into defensive bursts and unleash destructive techniques with disciplined control. Lack of proper knowledge can turn the Arts against you.
1153. Explosive Arrow Proficiency,2.8
#You possess deep knowledge and proficiency with explosive arrows, knowing exactly how to nock, loose and time them for maximum effect. Every shot is calculated for blast radius, fuse timing and trajectory, and you rarely waste a quiver.
1154. Explosive Boomerang Proficiency,2.6
#You are an expert at throwing boomerangs that detonate on impact, able to arc them around cover for surprise blasts or chain multiple detonations with a single throw. Even on a return trip a missed boomerang can still take out whatever is standing behind you.
1157. Explosive Gauntlet Proficiency,3.3
#You have natural aptitude for wielding gauntlets designed to generate explosions, whether magical or technological in origin. Larger gauntlets may be unwieldy and you are locked into close-range combat.
1158. Explosive Polearm Proficiency,4.2
#You are a master of wielding a polearm imbued with explosive force, whether the explosions are concussive, incendiary, or something stranger. Each sweep of the weapon turns range and leverage into battlefield-clearing blasts.
1159. Explosive Proficiency,3.6
#You are incredibly skilled at making, handling, and defusing explosives of all kinds, from crude pipe bombs to advanced ordinance. You still need actual materials to work with and are not immune to your own creations if you botch the job.
1160. Explosive Shuriken Proficiency,3.4
#You can throw exploding shuriken with expert precision, each one detonating on impact through either technological or mystical means. Perfect for flashy hit-and-run ninjutsu.
1161. Explosive Sword Proficiency,4.1
#You are a master of wielding a sword of pure explosion or one infused with explosive force. Every swing can blast, cleave, or shield depending on the nature of the explosion bound to the blade.
1162. Extortion Mastery,4.2
#You are a master of extortion, instinctively reading people to know what they fear, value, and will break for. Every word, tone, and glance is calibrated leverage, whether through psychological, emotional, legal, or social pressure.
1163. Extra-Dimensional Arts,6.0
#You practice the Extra-Dimensional Arts, a system of techniques drawing upon forces from dimensions beyond our own. Experienced practitioners can commune with powerful beings of these other realms for assistance, but improper knowledge risks being overwhelmed or possessed.
1166. Fa Jin Mastery,5.1
#You are a master of Fa Jin, the martial art of discharging explosive power through coordinated whole-body kinematic chains. From a relaxed state you can instantly channel your entire body's force into a single strike, making every blow carry the weight of your full mass behind it. Overuse can damage your own body.
1167. Fairy Arrow Proficiency,3.2
#You are proficient in the creation and use of fairy arrows, small and delicate bolts bestowed with supernatural properties that inflict hexes, paralysis and lingering curses upon those they strike. They rarely kill outright and are useless against Magic Immunity.
1168. Fairy Arts,4.5
#You have trained in the Fairy Arts, a specialized system of techniques built around channelling fairy essence, magic and spirits. You can conjure fairy elements, enhance your body with fae power and call upon fairies for various feats, though iron and lack of knowledge can render the techniques dangerous to the practitioner.
1170. Fairyology Mastery,3.2
#You are a master of fairyology, the study of the fair folk. You can identify fae species at a glance, document their behaviors and weaknesses, and know exactly which cold iron or salt circle will hold which court. Less useful if you never actually meet one.
1171. Fall Breaking,2.1
#You know how to break a fall properly, tucking and rolling to avoid injury even from heights that would normally shatter bones. With enough practice you can also apply this to others or use it to halt yourself mid-crash through walls.
1172. Familiar Arts,4.7
#You have trained in the Familiar Arts, a system of techniques centered on working with bonded spirits, souls, or demons that typically take animal form. Through supernatural contracts, you coordinate with your familiar to perform tasks, cast spells, and fight as a pair with seamless synergy.
1175. Family Mastery,3.5
#You are a master of familial caretaking, raising children, managing households, protecting loved ones, and reading your relatives' moods with unerring intuition. You know when family is in trouble before they do, and you always know what to say to hold them together.
1176. Fan Arts,4.5
#You have trained in Tessenjutsu, the supernatural art of wielding fans in combat. From folding war fans to electric fans, you can use them to enhance physical abilities, channel energy, heal, or manipulate the wind with precise elegant motions.
1177. Fan Combat,3.2
#You are a master of the Countless Fan Style, seamlessly weaving your folding fan into your strikes. Every graceful twirl hides a lethal cut, and every block becomes a counterattack.
1178. Fan Proficiency,3.1
#You are a master of wielding handheld fans, from war fans to dancing fans of every culture. Your movements are beautiful enough to entrance an audience and precise enough to turn a folded fan into a lethal weapon, and you know the properties of every fan you touch.
1182. Fantasylingualism,3.2
#You can speak, read, write and understand the languages of fantasy races with little to no training, from elvish and dwarvish to draconic and beast tongues. Some users may only be able to translate rather than speak, and certain species' tongues may still be beyond your reach.
1183. Fashion Mastery,3.1
#You are a master of fashion design, capable of applying style, aesthetics and clothing construction at a level that would make Parisian couturiers weep. Your outfits can command attention in any setting and your designs are the kind that set trends rather than follow them.
1184. Fast Food Mastery,2.3
#You are a master of running fast food restaurants, from advertising and upkeep to menu design and staff management. You instinctively know what will sell, what will go viral and what will keep customers coming back for more.
1187. Fencing Mastery,3.8
#You are a master of fencing across all three disciplines: foil, épée, and sabre. Your footwork, timing, and blade control are impeccable, and you can adapt seamlessly between styles in a duel. Against any bladed weapon of comparable length, you are a nightmare to engage.
1192. Fictional Martial Arts Mastery,6.6
#You have mastered the supernatural martial arts that only exist in fiction, styles built around energy strikes, afterimages, pressure points, chi and ki techniques that mundane bodies could never perform. Your grasp of them is unparalleled, though some rely on energy systems you may not natively possess.
1193. Fictional Sport Mastery,2.6
#You are a master of fictional sports, whether wholly invented games from a specific universe or fictional variants of real-world sports. Quidditch, Blitzball, air hockey from a cartoon nobody remembers, you can dominate any of them.
1194. Figure Skating Mastery,2.1
#You are a master of figure skating, capable of performing jumps, spins, lifts and intricate footwork with effortless grace. On ice, you are practically weightless.
1199. Fire Extinguisher Proficiency,0.8
#You know how to use a fire extinguisher properly, both for its intended purpose and as a makeshift bludgeon. A surprisingly niche skill that will save lives at least once.
1200. Fire Science,4.5
#You wield a form of super science specifically devoted to the manipulation of fire and heat through formulas, advanced technology and artificial enhancements. Unlike raw pyrokinesis, everything you do is reproducible, calculable, and can be built into a device. Weak against Water or Ice Science of equivalent tier.
1202. Firearm Proficiency,4.0
#You are a master of firearms, wielding pistols, rifles, shotguns and every other single-operator gun with lethal precision. Your accuracy holds out to the weapon's maximum range even when shooting rapidly, and you can instinctively gauge wind and atmospheric conditions to land your shots in any weather.
1203. Firefighting Mastery,3.6
#You are a master of firefighting, with expert-level knowledge of suppression protocols, fire behavior, rescue techniques and building safety. You instinctively know how a fire will spread, where survivors are most likely to be, and how to cut off a blaze before it gets out of control. For truly massive fires, you'll still need a crew.
1204. Firework Proficiency,2.6
#You are incredibly skilled with fireworks of every kind, from cherry bombs to roman candles, both in crafting them and in using them in combat or performance. You can time fuses perfectly, defuse duds, and choreograph the night sky. You are not immune to your own blasts though, so don't get cocky.
1205. Fishbowl Proficiency,0.6
#You are, for reasons known only to the cosmos, an expert at wielding fishbowls as makeshift weapons. You can bludgeon, block and throw them with eerie precision. The fish inside are usually not thrilled.
1206. Fishing Mastery,3.8
#You are a master angler, capable of catching any fish under any condition, sensing the best spots instinctively and applying the perfect technique every time. No fish, mythical, extinct or otherwise, is beyond your reach. Whether you can cook it afterwards is another matter entirely.
1207. Fishing Pole Proficiency,2.7
#You are a master of wielding fishing poles in combat as both weapon and tool. You can snag, whip, pierce and tangle targets with the line, using the rod's length and flex to fight well above its weight class. If the line gets cut or the rod snaps, you are in trouble.
1208. Fist-Load Weapon Proficiency,3.0
#You are a master of fist-load weapons, knuckles, cestus, tekkō, bagh nakh, trench knives and every other hand-weighting weapon. Every punch you throw carries the force and precision of a veteran brawler, and you can seamlessly switch weapons mid-combo.
1209. Five Animals Mastery,4.2
#You are a master of the Five Animals styles of kung fu, Tiger, Crane, Leopard, Snake and Dragon, blending their strengths into a devastating and adaptable martial art. You can shift between the grace of the crane and the raw power of the tiger mid-exchange, reading your opponent as you go.
1211. Flag Proficiency,1.4
#You know how to swing a flag or flagpole as a makeshift weapon with surprising effectiveness. The longer the pole, the better the reach, and a heavy banner adds a satisfying whipping motion to every strike.
1212. Flamenco Mastery,2.1
#You are a master of flamenco, the proud Spanish dance of stamping feet and expressive arms. Your performances carry such emotional intensity they can move audiences to tears, and your footwork translates surprisingly well into combat rhythm.
1213. Flamethrower Proficiency,2.8
#You are an expert with flamethrowers of all kinds, from modern military models to Greek fire siphons. You know exactly how to sweep a room, conserve fuel, and turn fortified positions into crematoriums.
1214. Flaming Arrow Proficiency,2.2
#You are highly proficient in using fire arrows, knowing exactly how to angle a shot for maximum spread and how to light a target without torching your own bow. Best paired with pyrokinesis or a flint source.
1216. Flexible Weapon Proficiency,3.3
#You have mastery over flexible weaponry like whips, chains, nunchaku and flails. Your strikes weave and bend in unpredictable arcs, wrapping around guards and hitting from impossible angles, bewildering opponents unfamiliar with the style.
1217. Flight Suit Proficiency,2.4
#You are highly skilled in operating flight suits and pilot suits built for high-altitude, aerial and space environments, including mecha cockpits. You know how to handle the life support, maneuvering and combat systems these suits demand.
1218. Flintlock Gun Proficiency,1.6
#You are a master of flintlock pistols and muskets. You can aim, fire and reload these ancient firearms with expert speed and accuracy, though the weapons themselves are still notoriously inaccurate and slow.
1219. Floristry Mastery,2.1
#You are a master florist, skilled in every aspect of flower care, arrangement, design and trade. With some chemistry knowledge you can even extract oils and craft perfumes and colognes from your arrangements. Your bouquets are works of art.
1221. Flowmotion,4.5
#Kingdom Hearts - You can use your environment as a springboard, kicking off walls, air-dashing, swinging around lampposts and grinding along rails with effortless grace. You can also seamlessly chain your movement into combat, flowing between acrobatic traversal and stylish strikes.
1222. Flute Combat,2.9
#You are skilled in using flutes and flute-like instruments such as piccolos, ocarinas, shakuhachi and ryūteki as makeshift weapons. You can jab, parry and strike with deadly accuracy, turning a delicate instrument into a lethal tool. Beware though, flutes break.
1223. Flute Mastery,2.6
#You are a master flutist, capable of playing any flute or flute-like instrument with breathtaking skill. Your melodies can move listeners to tears, lull them to sleep or fill a tavern with riches in tips.
1224. Fly Swatter Proficiency,1.4
#You are a master of the fly swatter, wielding it as a makeshift weapon with uncanny precision. Great for bugs, slightly less impressive against armed opponents, but never underestimate a well-placed swat.
1225. Flying Car Mastery,3.0
#You are a master of piloting flying motor vehicles, from hovercars to airborne motorcycles. You can weave through skyscrapers, drift between rooftops and navigate cluttered airspace with ease.
1226. Flying Disc Proficiency,2.2
#You are a master of flying discs, whether as weapons or tools. Every throw curves exactly where you want it to, rebounding off walls and returning to your hand like a loyal pet. Strong winds may still mess with your aim, though.
1230. Food Science,4.4
#You wield a form of super-science revolving around food and cooking. You can use molecular gastronomy and culinary chemistry to alter food at the molecular level, genetically engineer new products, or outright transmute vegetables into cake.
1231. Football Mastery,2.3
#You are a master of football in all its forms, whether it be soccer, rugby, or American gridiron. Your footwork, field sense, and game intuition are world-class, enough to turn pro on raw talent alone.
1232. Footwork Mastery,5.7
#Bleach - You have mastered the ultimate footwork, capable of techniques like Shunpo, Hirenkyaku and Sonido. Your balance is impossible to break as your body automatically adjusts to any position, and your movement speed is on a completely different level from normal martial artists.
1233. Foraging Mastery,3.2
#You have mastered the art of foraging, able to find edible food in any environment with zero effort. Drop you in a desert, a frozen tundra or an alien world, and you will come back with a meal.
1234. Force Arts,5.2
#You have trained in the Force Arts, a specialized system of practices that let you tap into and channel natural and unnatural forces from within and without. This grants you martial, defensive and bodily enhancements based on whichever force you wield, though improper use can overwhelm or possess you.
1237. Force-Field Arts,5.3
#You have trained in the Force-Field Arts, a specialized discipline of flyrokinetic techniques. Where ordinary barrier users only shield themselves, you can reshape your fields in combat in unique ways, manipulating their size, shape and durability like a martial art in itself.
1239. Foreign Arts,6.2
#You have learned a system of techniques that originate from outside the known world, operating by rules and laws foreign to this reality. These arts can sidestep local physics entirely, though improper use can leave you overwhelmed or possessed by whatever you are channeling.
1242. Master Forensic Psychology,4.0
#You are a master of forensic psychology, capable of reading criminal behavior, building accurate profiles from the thinnest evidence and identifying motives and patterns long before anyone else does. Sit you in front of a suspect and you can walk them into a confession they didn't plan on giving.
1243. Master Forensic Science,4.1
#You are a master of forensic science, able to apply the full spectrum of scientific methods to analyze evidence, reconstruct crimes and identify culprits. DNA, ballistics, chemistry, entomology, trace evidence, all of it falls within your expertise.
1244. Forgery Mastery,3.5
#You are a master forger, capable of replicating handwriting, artworks, currency, signatures and documents with such precision that even experts cannot distinguish your work from the original. Mostly used for deception, and mostly very effective at it.
1245. Fork Proficiency,0.4
#You are a master of the fork, whether for dining with impeccable table manners or stabbing someone in the neck in a pinch. Forks can still break though.
1246. Formula Arts,5.1
#You are trained in the Formula Arts, a system of techniques that uses symbolic equations to impose logical structure on reality. By writing and invoking formulae you can manipulate energy, matter, shape and space, essentially doing magic through mathematics. Improper knowledge can cause catastrophic backfires.
1249. Friendship Mastery,3.6
#You are a master of friendship in every sense, innately knowing how to make friends, keep them, and improve every relationship you enter. Your timing, your words, your gestures are always perfect, and people find themselves drawn into your orbit with almost no effort on your part.
1251. Frying Mastery,2.3
#You are a master of frying. Deep-fry, pan-fry, stir-fry, tempura - any dish that calls for hot oil comes out flawlessly golden and crisp under your hands.
1252. Frying Pan Proficiency,1.9
#You are a master of the frying pan, whether flipping eggs at a restaurant-grade pace or swinging one as a makeshift bludgeon. In your hands the humble skillet becomes a surprisingly deadly weapon.
1255. Fundamental Forces Science,5.4
#You practice a form of science centered entirely on the four fundamental forces of the universe. Your experiments, theorems, and devices all revolve around manipulating gravity, electromagnetism, and the nuclear forces to achieve wondrous results.
1256. Fungal Arts,4.2
#A specialized martial system built around mycokinetic techniques, allowing you to cultivate and wield fungi in combat through enhanced strikes, spore defenses and mushroom constructs. Requires deep knowledge of fungi to avoid dangerous backlash.
1258. Fusion Arts,5.4
#You have mastered the Fusion Arts, a specialized discipline focused on combining targets, from merging with weapons and materials to fusing minds and souls. Through trained techniques you can create newfound abilities and forms on the fly, though lack of proper knowledge can cause dangerous misfusions.
1260. Gōjū-ryū Mastery,3.8
#You are a master of gōjū-ryū karate, combining hard linear strikes and closed-hand punches with soft circular open-hand techniques, joint locks, throws, and grappling. Your movements flow seamlessly between rigid power and fluid redirection, making you a versatile and dangerous martial artist.
1261. Gadget Proficiency,3.3
#You are a master gadgeteer, instinctively understanding how to operate any mechanical or electronic device you get your hands on. From obscure spy tools to jury-rigged contraptions, you can use them at expert level without needing to read the manual.
1262. Gag Weaponry,3.4
#You can wield any kind of gag device as a deadly weapon, from joy buzzers and whoopee cushions to spring-loaded boxing gloves. In your hands these absurd tools become surprisingly effective offensive and defensive instruments, leveraging their absurd mechanics to devastating ends.
1263. Gambling Equipment Proficiency,2.3
#You are a master of wielding gambling equipment as weapons. Playing cards become razor shuriken in your hands, dice become knuckle-duster projectiles, roulette wheels become bladed discs. Anything from the casino floor is fair game.
1265. Enhanced Gambling Mastery,3.2
#You gamble at a master level, with a natural instinct for reading the table, the odds, and your opponents. Card counting, tells, bluffs, bankroll management, it all comes easily to you. You are the person casinos politely ask to leave.
1267. Gambling Mastery,3.0
#You are a master gambler, skilled in every form of wagering from dice to cards to sports betting. You have a strong grasp of odds, risk management and reading your opponents, but you still need actual money to bet and you can still lose it.
1268. Game Arts,5.2
#You wield the Game Arts, a specialised system of supernatural techniques built around the principle of play. By framing a conflict as a game, whether chess, a sport, or a children's playground contest, you can channel recreational power into real effects. Requires knowledge of the game's rules to be effective, and losing the game has real consequences.
1271. Game Mastery,4.2
#You are a Master of Games, with a strategist's mind, an intuitive grasp of any game's rules, and the ability to rapidly reach grandmaster level in anything you pick up. You rarely need to cheat but always know how, and you spot others cheating instantly. In a video game tournament you are functionally unbeatable.
1272. Game Show Mastery,2.1
#You are a master at hosting game shows, with perfect comedic timing, crowd control, contestant banter and segment pacing. If there is a buzzer and a wheel, you were born for it.
1274. Gardening Mastery,3.0
#You are a master gardener, either through training or innate talent. Any plant you tend to grows and flourishes beyond expectation, and you can transform a failing patch of dirt into a lush brilliant garden with seemingly effortless care. Given a palatial estate you could craft a work worthy of the divine.
1275. Gardening Tool Proficiency,3.1
#You are a master of wielding gardening tools as weapons, turning rakes, hoes, shovels, shears, pitchforks, scythes and even lawnmowers into instruments of battle with terrifying skill. In your hands a pair of pruning shears is as deadly as any blade.
1276. Gas Arts,4.1
#You can utilize the Gas Arts, a specialized system of techniques built around the cultivation and manipulation of gaseous matter. You wield smoke, vapor and mist offensively, defensively and even for healing, shaping them with trained forms and breath-based techniques.
1278. Gauntlet Flail Proficiency,3.1
#You are a master of the gauntlet flail, a hybrid weapon pairing the crushing power of a gauntlet with the reach of a chained flail. You can strike at range, pummel at close quarters, and reel the weapon back with practiced ease.
1279. Gauntlet Proficiency,2.8
#You have a natural aptitude for fighting with gauntlets, able to trade blows with larger opponents and weapons with ease. Every punch lands with brutal weight, and bladed gauntlets turn your fists into slashing weapons. Still limited to close range.
1280. Gender Arts,4.5
#You have trained in a specialized system of techniques exclusive to your gender, ranging from martial arts and physical enhancements to healing and even reality-bending feats. Those of the opposite gender cannot learn or copy them.
1282. Genetic Arts,5.2
#You are trained in the Genetic Arts, a specialized system of techniques that lets you shape the DNA of yourself, allies, or enemies at will. You can alter your appearance, grant yourself powers by rewriting your own code, or access hidden abilities buried in your genetics. Improper knowledge can cause the technique to backfire dangerously.
1284. Genetics Mastery,4.2
#You are, either by innate intuition or through training, a true master of genetics. You can look at a strand of DNA and read it like a book, design gene therapies on the fly, and identify hereditary conditions at a glance.
1286. Geobatics,2.1
#You can perform acrobatic stunts while digging through the earth, doing corkscrews, loops and barrel rolls underground as if the soil were open air. Looks incredibly cool if anyone could actually see you doing it.
1287. Geography Mastery,2.8
#You possess a master's understanding of geography, capable of identifying any landmark, terrain type or region on sight. You intuitively grasp how people interact with their environments, making you exceptional at navigation, cartography and geopolitical analysis.
1289. Geokinetic Ninjutsu,4.8
#Naruto - You are trained in the shinobi arts of earth release, combining ninjutsu techniques with geokinetic control. You can sink into the ground and emerge elsewhere, form stone clones, raise earthen walls as defenses and strike from beneath the battlefield.
1290. Geokinetic Polearm Proficiency,4.2
#You are a master of wielding polearms made of or infused with earth, fighting with the balance and reach of a veteran spearman. Your thrusts split stone and your sweeps can uproot the ground itself, making you equally potent on offense and defense.
1291. Geokinetic Sword Proficiency,4.3
#You are a master of wielding swords forged from or infused with earth, wielding everything from obsidian katanas to granite greatswords as if born to them. The blades gain additional properties depending on the mineral composition you choose to forge them from.
1292. Geology Mastery,2.7
#You are a master geologist, capable of identifying any rock, mineral or crystal on sight and understanding exactly how it was formed. You can read the age of stone layers like pages of a book and know the composition of any earth you touch.
1293. Geom Proficiency,3.8
#You are a master of the Geom, the Korean double-edged straight sword, wielding it as a seamless extension of yourself. You can cut through groups of opponents, pierce hardened defenses and parry the strongest of strikes, and your meditation with the blade grants you warrior's clarity in combat.
1294. Geometry Mastery,3.6
#You possess an innate mastery of geometry, able to perceive angles, shapes and trajectories with perfect clarity. You can plan ricochet shots around corners, calculate optimal attack vectors at a glance and solve spatial puzzles that would stump any mathematician.
1295. Geopolitics Mastery,4.2
#You have an intuitive mastery of geopolitics, understanding the intricate dance between geography, resources, and political power. You can predict how nations will react to events, identify pressure points in international relations, and manipulate geopolitical systems with the precision of a grandmaster chess player. Given enough information, you could topple governments or forge alliances with a few well-placed nudges.
1296. Gesture Arts,4.6
#You are trained in the Gesture Arts, a system of techniques that channels supernatural forces through specific bodily motions, hand signs, and signals. Each gesture is a key that unlocks a particular effect, and with enough mastery you can chain them into complex castings. Binding your hands or body renders you powerless.
1297. Ghost Catching Mastery,3.2
#You are a master ghost catcher, able to track, trap and capture spirits with supernatural efficiency. Whether through proton packs, sacred jars, or bare hands, you know exactly how to corner an apparition. Containing what you catch afterward is a separate problem.
1298. Ghostology Mastery,3.1
#You have innate mastery of ghostology, the study of spirits, hauntings and the restless dead. You understand their behaviors, weaknesses, anatomy, and can categorize any ghost you encounter on sight. An invaluable foundation for any ghost hunter or paranormal researcher.
1300. Giant Arrow Proficiency,2.6
#You are highly proficient with oversized arrows, handling them like a regular archer would handle a normal arrow. Requires a correspondingly large bow and some enhanced strength to actually draw.
1301. Giant Axe Proficiency,2.8
#You wield axes several times larger than your body with the ease of a woodsman swinging a hatchet. Without Enhanced Strength the weight will still slow you down, but your form and technique remain flawless.
1302. Giant Boomerang Proficiency,2.7
#You are a master of oversized boomerangs, throwing truck-sized curved weapons with perfect return trajectories. Requires some enhanced strength to actually heft, and fast targets may still slip the arc.
1303. Giant Chakram Proficiency,2.7
#You are a master of oversized chakrams, cutting discs and wind-and-fire wheels, throwing and wielding them with perfect precision. Requires enhanced strength to actually wield the weapon without embarrassing yourself.
1304. Giant Fan Proficiency,2.5
#You are highly skilled in the use of oversized war fans, wielding them for both offense and wind generation. Requires enhanced strength to actually heft, but in capable hands a single swing can clear a battlefield of debris and weaker foes.
1305. Giant Firearm Proficiency,3.3
#You are a master of oversized firearms, hand cannons and anti-material rifles that dwarf your own body. You handle the recoil and weight as though they were a service pistol, provided you have the superhuman strength to back it up.
1306. Giant Hammer Proficiency,2.8
#You demonstrate the aptitude and form required to swing hammers many times larger than yourself. Each blow is a meteor strike, provided you have the enhanced strength to actually heft the thing.
1307. Giant Nunchaku Proficiency,2.4
#You can wield oversized nunchaku with perfect form and flow, spinning telephone pole sized sticks in devastating arcs. Enhanced strength is required to actually hold them without dislocating your shoulders.
1308. Giant Polearm Proficiency,3.0
#You wield massive polearms, halberds and glaives of truly absurd proportions as though they were extensions of your own body. Your strikes carry enormous reach and sweeping power, provided you possess superhuman strength to actually lift the weapon.
1309. Giant Scissors Proficiency,2.5
#Kill La Kill - You are a master of giant scissor-blades as weapons, wielding them in sweeping shearing arcs. Requires superhuman strength to actually lift and fast targets can still slip between the blades.
1310. Giant Scythe Proficiency,2.9
#You wield oversized scythes with the grace of a reaper of souls, each sweep threatening to cleave whole ranks of enemies. Requires enhanced strength or a Soul-Bound Weapon, or the sheer weight will pin you in place.
1311. Giant Shuriken Proficiency,2.6
#Naruto - You are a master of fuma shuriken and other oversized throwing stars, hurling them with deadly accuracy. Their size makes them slower than regular shuriken, but the trade-off is enormous cutting and stopping power.
1312. Giant Spatula Proficiency,1.9
#You are a master of wielding an absurdly oversized spatula, either for its intended purpose of flipping equally absurd pancakes or as a makeshift bludgeon. Mostly useful for giant kitchens and slapstick combat.
1313. Giant Sword Proficiency,3.2
#Berserk-adjacent. You wield slabswords and oversized blades that are, frankly, more slab of iron than sword. Requires superhuman strength to even hold, but in your hands they cleave through enemies and fortifications alike.
1314. Giant Weapon Proficiency,3.5
#You are a master of oversized weapons of all kinds, handling any massive weapon you pick up as though it were tailored to you. Offers immense striking power, reach and destructive potential, though superhuman strength is still required to properly wield them.
1315. Giant Whip Proficiency,2.6
#You are a master of oversized whips, cracking weapons the length of city blocks with enough force to shatter walls. Requires enhanced strength or a Soul-Bound Weapon, and fast targets may still dance clear of the lash.
1316. Gigantology Mastery,2.3
#You are a master gigantologist, with expert knowledge of giants and their kin. You know their behavior, anatomy, weaknesses, and habitats, making you invaluable in any world where giants roam. Useless in worlds without giants.
1317. Gimlet Proficiency,0.5
#You are a master of wielding the gimlet, a tiny hand tool used to drill small holes in wood. You can bore a perfect pilot hole in record time, which is deeply impressive at exactly one type of hardware store.
1319. Gladiokinetic Combat,4.2
#You are a master of knife combat, seamlessly integrating blades into your unarmed techniques with exceptional precision, speed, and fluidity. You can throw knives with pinpoint accuracy, transition effortlessly between strikes and counters, and with practice, imbue your blades with elemental effects.
1320. Glass Arts,4.6
#You are trained in the Glass Arts, a specialized system of techniques centered around the cultivation and manipulation of glass. You can form spikes and pillars, shatter glass into storms of shards, and wield its reflective properties in combat, though sound and vibration can unravel your craft.
1321. Glass Blowing Mastery,2.8
#You are a master glassblower, capable of shaping molten glass into works of stunning beauty and precision. Your craftsmanship is the envy of artisans and with enough practice you can create pieces sought after by collectors and nobility alike.
1322. Glass Harp Mastery,1.6
#You are a master of the glass harp, the instrument made of upright wine glasses. Your playing can bring an audience to tears and the ethereal tones you produce are unmatched, though good luck finding gigs outside of art galleries.
1323. Glider Mastery,2.7
#You are a master of gliders and wingsuits, able to operate them with expert precision, control, and maneuverability. You can ride thermals for hours, thread through narrow canyons, and land on a dime, making you an unmatched aerial specialist in unpowered flight.
1324. Glove Proficiency,2.1
#You are a master of wielding gloves as weapons, whether boxing gloves, gauntlets, or weighted leather. Limited to close range but devastating when you close the distance.
1325. Glue Gun Proficiency,1.5
#You are a master of wielding glue guns, the humble crafting tool, as both a weapon and utility device. Surprisingly effective for restraint, repair and improvised traps.
1326. Go Mastery,2.3
#You possess the understanding, intuition and skill of a Go grandmaster. You can read the board dozens of moves ahead and your sense of territory and influence is almost precognitive. Useful if you ever meet a Go-playing god.
1327. Godlike Martial Arts,8.5
#You are the undisputed master of all forms of combat, natural and supernatural. Your defense is unsurpassed, your offense calculated and brutal, and your intellect lets you plan devastating attacks mid-exchange. Even in brawls against other superpowered beings, when you choose to fight seriously the fight is already over.
1329. Golf Club Proficiency,2.1
#You are a master of the golf club, both as a sporting tool and as an improvised weapon. You can send golf balls flying at terrifying speeds like bullets and use the club itself in melee with surprising effectiveness.
1330. Golf Combat,2.8
#You can fuse golf and combat, turning clubs, balls, tees and even the rules of the sport into a fighting style. A well-placed drive can crack skulls, and bunker rules somehow apply mid-battle. Requires golf equipment to be useful.
1331. Golf Mastery,2.2
#You are a master of golf, capable of sinking impossible shots and reading any course like an open book. With enough practice you could beat the pros without breaking a sweat.
1333. Graffiti Mastery,2.4
#You are a master graffiti artist, able to produce striking murals of any theme, style or scale with astonishing speed and precision. Your tags are worth more than most gallery pieces.
1334. Grapnel Proficiency,2.6
#You are a master of grappling equipment, able to hook, climb, swing and yank targets with precision. You can even channel electricity or other energies down the line to shock enemies you have snared, though a well-aimed cut will drop you.
1335. Grappling Mastery,3.8
#You have intuitive mastery over all forms of grappling, from clinch fighting to takedowns, throws, submissions, pins and reversals. In any close-range exchange you can impose position on your opponent with terrifying ease, joint locks and chokes flowing as naturally as breathing.
1336. Gravitational Sword Proficiency,4.3
#You are a master of wielding gravity-based or gravity-infused swords, flowing between crushing strikes and feather-light feints as easily as breathing. Your blade slices with the weight of a collapsing star one moment and the grace of a falling leaf the next.
1337. Gravity Arts,5.8
#You have mastery over the Gravity Arts, a specialized system of supernatural techniques centered on gyrokinetic power. Ranging from simple telekinetic lifts to reality-distorting gravity wells, the discipline scales all the way up to bending spacetime itself with enough study and practice.
1339. Great Sword Proficiency,3.6
#You are a master in the use of great swords, letting you wield zweihänders, zanbatō and ōdachi with strength, speed and surprising grace. You can break through numerous defenses at once and understand the weight, reach and momentum of greatswords inside and out.
1340. Greek Fire Combat,4.1
#You have mastered the art of combat augmented by Greek fire, whether unleashing waves of clinging flame, bursts at close range, or weaving a fighting style entirely around its use. Your martial movements are designed around the unique properties of the flame, allowing you to burn foes even in rain or underwater.
1341. Grenade Launcher Proficiency,2.6
#You are a master of wielding grenade launchers, capable of precisely lobbing explosive, smoke, or gas rounds at range. You know how to gauge arcs, distances, and the bounce of a 40mm round off an inconvenient wall.
1342. Enhanced Grenade Proficiency,3.2
#You are incredibly proficient at throwing grenades and using bombs, able to hit targets from impressive distances with pinpoint accuracy. You instinctively know how to time your fuses, cook grenades safely, and ensure your allies stay outside the blast radius. Fighting in enclosed spaces remains ill-advised.
1343. Grenade Proficiency,2.4
#You are a master of wielding hand grenades, able to throw them with precision and know exactly when to release after pulling the pin. You understand the quirks of frags, flashbangs, smokes and incendiaries alike.
1344. Gridiron Ball Proficiency,1.4
#You can use footballs as makeshift kicking and throwing weapons with surprising effectiveness, or for their actual intended purpose on the field. A well-thrown spiral to the face is more dangerous than people expect.
1345. Gridiron Combat,3.3
#You can merge football skills with combat, using tackles, blocks, passes and even gridiron sports rules as martial techniques. You can weaponize footballs as projectiles and turn a quarterback sneak into a devastating offensive maneuver. Requires a ball and some stamina.
1346. Gridiron Mastery,2.2
#You are a master of gridiron football, able to play any position at a professional level. Your passes, tackles, and field awareness are all at the peak of human capability, and you could walk onto an NFL roster tomorrow.
1347. Grilling Mastery,2.3
#You are a master of the grill. Steaks come out perfect every time, burgers are juicy and never dry, and you can read the doneness of meat by smell alone. Dads everywhere would weep at your burger technique.
1348. Guandao Proficiency,3.2
#You are a master of the guandao, the curved Chinese polearm famously wielded by Guan Yu. In your hands its sweeping arcs are devastating, its reach is unmatched, and your techniques flow with the grace of a general commanding a battlefield. Still just a weapon though, don't bring it to a gunfight.
1349. Guardian Arts,5.8
#You are trained in the Guardian Arts, a specialized combat and power system passed down through a line of guardians. Each generation builds on the last, and you inherit the accumulated martial techniques, physical enhancements, and supernatural abilities of those who came before you. With practice you can develop new techniques and add them to the legacy.
1353. Guitar Combat,2.3
#You know how to wield a guitar as a makeshift weapon, swinging it with the grace and brutality of a trained combatant. Depending on the instrument's build, you might even use it as a firearm or sound cannon, but guitars tend to break after hard use.
1354. Guitar Mastery,2.9
#You are a master of the guitar and all its related instruments, from acoustic bass to twelve-string. Whether innate or trained, you can play with breathtaking skill, though reaching the absolute peak may still require practice and exposure.
1355. Gun Arts,4.6
#You are a practitioner of Gun Arts, a specialized martial system built around firearms that grants supernatural feats through gun-based techniques. With proper knowledge you can pull off impossible shots and manifest effects through your weapons, though improper use can backfire dangerously.
1356. Gun Guitar Proficiency,3.8
#You can create or wield a Gun Guitar, a hybrid weapon that functions as both a firearm and a functioning guitar. Playing it fires a wide range of ammunition in rhythm with your riffs, though you're still limited by the weapon's ammo capacity.
1357. Gun Kata Mastery,5.2
#You have mastered Gun Kata, the martial art that fuses firearms with hand-to-hand combat in a deadly ballet of bullets. You can calculate the perfect angle to fire from and predict where to move to avoid return fire, making you a one-person army in any gunfight.
1358. Gun Turret Proficiency,2.2
#You are highly proficient with gun turrets of all kinds, able to mount, aim, and fire them with deadly efficiency. You instinctively know how to position a turret for maximum coverage and protection.
1359. Gun-Axe Proficiency,3.2
#You are a master of wielding gun-axes, hybrid weapons that combine firearms with axe blades. You seamlessly switch between melee and ranged combat, cleaving through foes up close and gunning them down at a distance.
1360. Gun-Polearm Proficiency,3.3
#You are a master of wielding gun-polearms, hybrid weapons that combine spears, lances, or halberds with firearms. You can skewer enemies at melee range and blast them at range with equal finesse, keeping distance and pressure on your foe at once.
1361. Gun-Shield Proficiency,3.1
#You are a master of wielding gun-shields, weaponized shields that double as firearms. You can block incoming attacks and return fire without missing a beat, making you a walking fortress with teeth.
1362. Gunblade Proficiency,3.2
#You are a master of wielding gunblades, hybrid weapons that serve as both sword and firearm. You transition between slashing and shooting so smoothly that opponents rarely know whether to block or dodge.
1363. Gunbrella Proficiency,2.6
#You are a master of wielding gunbrellas, discreet hybrid weapons that function as both umbrella and firearm. Perfect for the well-dressed assassin, you can attend a tea party and an execution with the same accessory.
1364. Gunsmithing Mastery,3.5
#You are a master of gunsmithing, the art of designing, building, maintaining, and modifying firearms. You can craft fine custom guns of any kind, from antique flintlocks to modern rifles, and with rare materials or enchanted parts you can produce truly exceptional weapons.
1365. Gymnastics Mastery,2.4
#You are a master of gymnastics, with peerless balance, flexibility, agility, and coordination. You can tumble, vault, and flip with the grace of an Olympian, and your body is finely tuned across every major muscle group.
1367. Haberdashery Mastery,2.1
#You are a master of haberdashery, the art of designing and creating hats and headwear. From top hats to tricornes to impossible fascinators, no lid is beyond your skill. The fashion world quietly trembles at your name.
1368. Hacking Mastery,4.3
#You are a master hacker, capable of effortlessly bypassing the most sophisticated security systems in the world. Advanced users can pull any information ever stored on the internet and hijack complex devices and weapons with ease. Your talent does not help with air-gapped systems or things that have no computer inside them.
1370. Haemokinetic Polearm Proficiency,3.4
#You are a master of wielding polearms made of blood or infused with it. Your blood-spear carries with it whatever supernatural properties your blood possesses, making it effective at both keeping enemies at bay and running them through.
1371. Haemokinetic Sword Proficiency,3.5
#You are a master of wielding swords made of pure blood or coated in it. Your blade carries whatever properties your blood possesses, cutting through most things with ease, though the tougher the material the more strain it places on your weapon.
1372. Haggling Mastery,2.1
#You are a master of haggling and bargaining. Vendors find themselves slashing prices they never intended to lower, and you can sniff out the true value of any good at a glance.
1373. Hair Arts,4.5
#You are trained in the Hair Arts, a specialised martial system built around comakinetic power. Your techniques include hair-based attacks, hair defences and shaped hair constructs, allowing you to weaponise every strand at your command.
1375. Hairdressing Mastery,2.1
#You are an innate master of hairdressing, capable of cutting, colouring, styling, and treating hair to perfection. No matter the texture, length, or type, you know exactly how to make it look its absolute best, and clients will line up for your work.
1376. Halberd Proficiency,3.4
#You are a master of the halberd and every polearm in its family, from glaives to fauchards to bladed staves. You excel at keeping enemies at bay, using the weapon's reach and weight to dictate the flow of combat against shorter-ranged opponents.
1377. Halloween Arts,5.2
#You are a practitioner of the Halloween Arts, a specialized technique system drawing on the phenomena and embodiments of the holiday — ghosts, monsters, pumpkins, candy, costumes and the veil between worlds. You can wield these techniques offensively, defensively, or even to heal, but unfamiliar rites may leave you overwhelmed or possessed.
1378. Hamaxe Proficiency,2.6
#You are a master of the hamaxe, a hybrid weapon that is half axe half hammer. You know how to leverage both the blade and the blunt head fluidly, and the awkward grip that would trip up anyone else feels natural in your hands.
1379. Hammer Arts,4.0
#You have mastered the Hammer Arts, a specialized supernatural combat system built around hammer-based techniques. You can channel your strength through a hammer in ways that break armor, break barriers, and break the fundamental laws of leverage.
1380. Hammer Combat,3.5
#You seamlessly fuse hammer wielding with martial combat, integrating your hammer into strikes, throws, blocks and grapples as naturally as a limb. The hammer becomes an extension of your body in a fight.
1381. Hammer Proficiency,3.0
#You are a master of wielding hammers, from simple carpentry tools to massive warhammers. You can bring down walls, shatter armored foes and deliver precise blunt-force strikes, though the weight of your weapon may slow you against nimbler opponents.
1382. Hammer Throwing Mastery,3.3
#You are a master of hurling hammers as ranged weapons, striking distant targets with pinpoint accuracy. With enough practice you can even curve their trajectory mid-flight and recall them like a boomerang.
1383. Hand Walking,0.7
#You can walk, run and move around on your hands as easily as others walk on their feet. Climbing steep slopes and freeing your feet for other tasks becomes second nature.
1384. Hand of Glory Proficiency,4.2
#You are a master of creating and wielding the Hand of Glory, a necromantic relic made from the severed hand and fat of a murderer. In your hands it can paralyze those in its presence, cast light only you can see, unlock sealed doors and burn with an unquenchable flame. The necromancy involved may damn your soul depending on the verse.
1385. Handcuff Proficiency,2.1
#You are a master of applying and wielding handcuffs, able to restrain a struggling target in a single fluid motion. You know every trick to tighten, tangle and deploy cuffs in unconventional ways.
1386. Handgun Proficiency,3.2
#You are a master of handguns and pistols, capable of firing with pinpoint accuracy, dual-wielding with perfect form, and executing quick-draws that leave opponents on the ground before they realize the fight started. Your only real limit is your ammo count.
1387. Handicapped Training,3.6
#You train while handicapping yourself, whether that is weighted clothing, bound limbs, or restricted senses. Working around these self-imposed limits makes your growth far faster and more thorough than any conventional training regimen, though you still hit plateaus eventually.
1388. Hanukkah Arts,4.1
#You have mastered the Hanukkah Arts, a supernatural technique set centered on the holiday of Hanukkah. You can weaponize menorahs, dreidels and oil into offensive, defensive, and healing spells, with the iconic eight-night miracle lending your flames an unnatural staying power.
1389. Hapkido Mastery,4.2
#You are a master of Hapkido, the Korean martial art of joint locks, throws, grappling and strikes. You flow seamlessly between redirecting an opponent's momentum and delivering devastating kicks, and you are trained in traditional weapons like the cane, short stick, rope and sword.
1390. Harmonica Mastery,2.2
#You are a master of the harmonica, able to play any style with soulful precision. From mournful blues to cheerful folk tunes, a harmonica in your hands becomes an instrument of surprising emotional depth.
1391. Harp Combat,3.0
#You can use a harp as a weapon in close and ranged combat, plucking strings that fire as projectiles, swinging the frame like a bludgeon, and weaving sonic strikes into your fighting style. Harps break easily though, and sound manipulators can turn your music against you.
1392. Harp Mastery,2.4
#You are a master of the harp and its many cousins, including the pedal harp, Celtic harp, lyre, konghou and chang. Your music is breathtaking, capable of moving anyone who listens to tears or peaceful serenity.
1393. Harpoon Gun Proficiency,2.7
#You have a natural aptitude for wielding harpoon guns and spearguns, capable of skewering enemies from range with deadly accuracy. You can also use the tether to grab distant objects or yank foes closer.
1394. Haruspicy,3.6
#You are versed in the ancient art of haruspicy, divining the past, present and potential futures by reading the entrails of sacrificed animals. The shapes, colors and markings of organs speak to you with uncanny clarity, granting visions of what has been and what may yet come.
1396. Hat Proficiency,2.8
#You are a master of using hats as weapons. Whether it is a razor-brimmed bowler thrown like a discus or a helmet swung like a club, any piece of headwear becomes lethal in your hands.
1397. Healing Arts,5.0
#You have mastered the Healing Arts, a specialized system of supernatural medicine combining deep anatomical knowledge with restorative energy. At high levels you can heal nearly any ailment or injury, speed recovery to impossible rates, and even grant new abilities to those you treat.
1405. Heat Pulse,2.6
#By sending a pulse of heat into matter and reading how it returns, you can learn the internal composition, structure and density of whatever you scan. Works best on inorganic objects, organic matter throws off conflicting heat signatures.
1410. Heliomancy,4.1
#You can read the past, present and future by channeling sunlight and solar energies as your divinatory focus, receiving visions and insights whenever you commune with the sun. Prolonged or careless use may blind you, and the futures you see are never fully set in stone.
1413. Hellenism Mastery,2.8
#You have mastery over Greco-Roman mythology and its religious practices, knowing the lore, rites, and pantheons of Olympus like the back of your hand. You may need to choose between Greek or Roman specialization.
1414. Helmet Proficiency,0.6
#You are a master of using helmets as weapons, headbutting enemies with devastating concussive force. You can even hurl helmets at distant enemies with surprising accuracy. Yes, this is a real skill.
1415. Hematology Mastery,3.2
#You are a master hematologist, capable of diagnosing and treating any blood-related disease or disorder. Your understanding of blood cells, bone marrow, coagulation, and blood-borne pathogens is unmatched, and you can even analyse DNA evidence from blood samples with ease.
1416. Herbalism,3.8
#You have deep knowledge of medicinal plants, fungi and natural ingredients, allowing you to brew healing potions, ointments and concoctions that can do everything from promoting recovery to inducing physical enhancement or altered states of consciousness. Limited by the availability of rare ingredients.
1417. Hiding Mastery,4.2
#You have complete mastery over hiding. You instinctively know the perfect spot, the perfect timing and the perfect technique to avoid detection, even contorting your body to fit inside impossibly small spaces. You can blend with your surroundings flawlessly, though users of Supernatural Senses or X-Ray Vision may still find you.
1418. Hilt Strike,1.4
#You know how to use the hilt or pommel of your weapon to strike an opponent, allowing you to deliver non-lethal blows or stun an enemy at close range. Works with swords, staves, and even pistols. Once it fails to knock someone out, don't expect it to work a second time.
1420. Hinduism Mastery,3.5
#You are a master of Hinduism, its philosophies, rituals, cosmologies and sacred texts. You have deep intuitive knowledge of theology, metaphysics, mythology, Vedic yajna, yoga, agamic rituals and temple building. This grants you incredible spiritual insight and serves as a strong foundation for any Hindu-based mystical practice.
1421. Historiography Mastery,3.1
#You are a master of historiography, the study of the writing of history itself. You have a working knowledge of historical events alongside deep understanding of authorship, bias and interpretation. This makes you a surprisingly capable strategist and politician, able to extract practical wisdom from the study of ancient military and diplomatic figures.
1422. History Mastery,2.9
#You are a master historian, with deep knowledge of past events gleaned from written sources, oral accounts, art and material artifacts. You understand the continuous narrative of human civilization and can draw on the lessons of the past to inform the present. A formidable scholar and strategist at the same time.
1423. Hockey Mastery,2.3
#You are a master of hockey, whether on ice or on the street. You can read the rink like a chessboard, land slapshots with pinpoint precision and skate circles around anyone with a stick in their hand. Also great in a bar fight.
1424. Hockey Stick Proficiency,2.2
#You can wield a hockey stick like a proper polearm, turning a sporting good into a surprisingly nasty weapon. Heavy blunt swings, precise jabs and sweeping trips come as naturally to you as a slapshot.
1426. Holiday Mastery,2.6
#You are a master of holidays, their histories, their traditions and their proper celebration. Nobody throws a better Thanksgiving dinner, decorates a better Christmas tree or plans a better Fourth of July barbecue than you. Party planning is second nature.
1427. Hollywood Martial Arts Mastery,3.2
#You are a master of Hollywood martial arts, the flashy, exaggerated movie-style fighting that real martial artists roll their eyes at. Your spinning kicks, dramatic poses and impossible acrobatics look incredible and, surprisingly, actually work, because opponents have no idea what you are going to do next.
1429. Holy Hand Grenade Proficiency,2.3
#Monty Python - You are a master of throwing holy hand grenades. You know the proper incantations, you know how to count to three (not four, and definitely not five), and you can lob one with lethal accuracy. Useful against particularly naughty rabbits.
1430. Hook Proficiency,2.8
#You are a master of wielding hooks of all kinds. Whether for harvesting, parkouring across rooftops or dragging enemies into striking range, your hook always finds its mark and you never lose grip on what you've snagged.
1431. Hook Sword Proficiency,3.2
#You are a master of the hook sword, a blade with a hooked curve along its length. Your style excels at disarming opponents and cleanly separating limbs from their owners, and you can link the two swords together for extended reach.
1433. Horn Combat,2.6
#You are skilled in using your horns or antlers as weapons in physical combat, whether natural or affixed. Your style emphasizes charging, goring and hooking, with a whole martial art built around the leverage of a head-mounted weapon.
1434. Horseshoe Proficiency,1.4
#You are remarkably skilled at using horseshoes as makeshift weapons, throwing them with uncanny accuracy and bludgeoning with surprising effectiveness. Niche, but you will never be without a weapon near a stable.
1435. Horticulture Mastery,3.2
#You are a master of horticulture, blending botany and agriculture to cultivate plants of exceptional quality, yield, and resilience. You can coax life from barren soil, breed new cultivars with ease, and grow crops resistant to disease and pests. A gardener's dream.
1436. Hot Air Ballooning Mastery,1.1
#You are a master of piloting hot air balloons, handling burners, ballast and wind currents with serene confidence. Peaceful, scenic, and almost entirely useless in a fight.
1437. Hotel Mastery,2.2
#You are the ultimate hotelier, a master of running and managing hotels, resorts, motels and inns. Staff management, advertising, cuisine, guest relations, room allocation - all come naturally to you. You could make a rundown motel into a luxury destination with time.
1438. Housekeeping Aptitude,2.8
#You are the ultimate housekeeper, effortlessly mastering every task a household demands - cleaning, cooking, sewing, home repair, gardening, childrearing, budgeting, and everything in between. Any home you tend to becomes pristine with perfect efficiency.
1439. Hoverbike Mastery,2.9
#You are a master of piloting hoverbikes, handling anti-grav motorcycles with the instinctive grace of a seasoned racer. You can weave through traffic, pull impossible stunts, and push any hoverbike to its absolute limits.
1440. Hoverboard Mastery,2.7
#You are a master of hoverboards, skating through the air with effortless grace as if you were born on one. Tricks, grinds, aerial combat and high-speed chases all come naturally, so long as you have a board beneath your feet.
1441. Hovercraft Mastery,3.0
#You are a master pilot of hovercraft of all kinds - hover bikes, hover cars, hover tanks, hover boats. Any vehicle that floats above the ground answers to your touch as if you had piloted it for decades.
1442. Hula Mastery,2.1
#You are a master of hula, both the sacred kahiko and the modern ʻauana forms, able to tell stories and convey emotion through the graceful movements of this Polynesian dance. Your performances captivate audiences and honor ancient tradition.
1444. Humor Mastery,3.6
#You are a natural-born comedian with supernatural timing, wit, and insight. You can effortlessly make anyone laugh, deliver devastating comebacks that shatter an opponent's composure, and use humor as a tactical tool to distract or demoralize. Gag Immunity users are unaffected.
1445. Hunting Mastery,3.8
#You are a master hunter, your instincts for tracking, stalking, and killing prey sharpened to an almost supernatural degree. You can read trails others would miss, predict animal behavior on instinct, and set traps that rarely fail. Apex predators and beings with Hyper Evasion still pose a real challenge.
1447. Hybrid Weapon Proficiency,4.2
#You are a master of wielding hybrid weapons, fusion and combination armaments that merge two or more weapons into one. You can flawlessly transition between their different forms in combat, from blade to gun to whatever else the weapon can become, giving you unmatched versatility.
1455. Hyper Chasing,3.3
#You are supernaturally skilled at chasing down fleeing targets. You can keep pace with them, track them through any environment, parkour through obstacles and instinctively know which paths will cut them off. Nothing that runs from you stays ahead for long.
1456. Hyper Course Completion,2.9
#You can breeze through any obstacle course, trap-filled dungeon or treacherous terrain as if it were a stroll through the park. Parkour, traps, hazards, and unstable ground are nothing to you, and you can replicate your run flawlessly as many times as you like.
1457. Hyper Fleeing,3.3
#JoJo - The Joestar Secret Technique. You are a master of running away, combining parkour, mobility, pathing instinct and anti-tracking knowledge to escape almost any pursuer. The better your chaser is at mobility, the harder you'll have to work.
1458. Hyper Hand Jump,1.2
#You can jump around on your hands as easily as an ordinary person walks on their feet, letting you climb steep slopes, cross gaps, and keep your legs free for kicks or carrying things.
1459. Hyper Limboing,1.3
#You are a master of the limbo. You can bend backward under absurdly low poles without falling or dislodging them, and can apply this flexibility and expertise to slip under obstacles in your way.
1460. Hyper Pattern,2.5
#You can effortlessly execute any pattern, rhythm, or sequence, performing tasks in an impeccably ordered way and even changing patterns midway without skipping a beat. Some particularly complex patterns may still be beyond your reach.
1461. Hyper Pole Swinging,1.7
#You are a master of pole swinging, able to whip around any pole or bar at any speed, launching off at any angle, changing direction mid-swing, and stringing together combinations that would humiliate Olympic gymnasts.
1462. Hyper Pole Walking,1.5
#You can walk, run and balance on poles of any width or angle without falling, whether they're horizontal, vertical, or anywhere in between. As long as the pole itself holds, you will not slip.
1463. Hyper Shimmying,1.9
#You are a master of shimmying along angled and vertical surfaces, clinging to any handhold you can find no matter how small. Trees, rocks, walls, cliff faces - if there's so much as a crack, you can work your way across it.
1464. Hyper Trampolining,2.2
#You can use almost anything as a trampoline to launch your jumps higher - items on the ground, other people, even debris mid-air. In some cases you can alter the surface itself to get exactly the bounce you need.
1465. Hyper Tricking,2.6
#You are ridiculously good at acrobatic tricks, capable of performing flips, spins and contortionist poses no human tricker could ever manage. Great for showing off, parkour and surprising people in a fight with unorthodox angles of attack.
1467. Hypnotic Arts,4.0
#You are trained in the Hypnotic Arts, the centuries-old discipline of inducing altered states of consciousness and heightened suggestibility in others. With the right triggers, pacing and delivery you can ease pain, implant suggestions, unlock buried memories, or drop a target into a trance on command.
1470. Iaijutsu Mastery,5.2
#You are a true master of iaijutsu, the quick-draw sword art. You can draw, cut and sheathe your blade faster than the eye can follow, so fast that to onlookers it seems as though you never moved at all, and your opponent is just suddenly bleeding. Requires a proper sword and scabbard to work.
1477. Illusionary Magic,3.7
#You have mastered the art of illusionary spellwork, from stage tricks like vanishing acts and endless scarves to potent conjurations of phantom beasts and false landscapes. Higher mastery lets your illusory spells bleed into reality, making imagined things briefly real.
1479. Image Training,3.2
#Dragon Ball - You can grow and improve through pure mental simulation, picturing yourself training against imagined opponents and gaining real results. Your technique, strength, and skill all benefit. Requires thorough knowledge of whatever or whoever you are training against.
1483. Impassable Activity,3.2
#You can move, fight and operate effortlessly on terrain that should be impassable - swamps, open ocean, sheer mountainsides, wide canyons, deep gaps. You still won't be completely immune to slipping, but impossible ground is effectively just ground to you.
1485. Improbable Weapon Proficiency,3.9
#You are a master of bizarre weaponry. In your hands, a book becomes a warhammer, a towel becomes a blade, a banana becomes a lethal weapon. Anything you can pick up, you can fight effectively with, no matter how absurd.
1486. Improvisation Mastery,4.5
#You are a master of improvisation across all disciplines — combat, cooking, performance, science, social situations. You never freeze up, you always find a way, and you work with whatever is at hand as if you'd been planning for it all along. Luck still plays a role at the extremes.
1487. Improvised Weapon Proficiency,3.2
#You are a master of fighting with whatever happens to be around. Chair legs, broken bottles, rocks, pens — in your hands, anything can serve as a weapon. Improvised tools still break on heavy use, but you'll have already picked up the next one by then.
1488. Inaudible Movement,2.7
#You can move with absolute silence, leaving no rustle of clothing, no footfall, no displaced air. Perfect for sneaking up on targets or slipping through guarded halls. Detection methods that don't rely on sound still work against you.
1489. Adept Industrialist,5.1
#You are a master of industry, the creation and production of goods through labor, machinery and chemical processing. You always make the right choice when developing products, managing factories and predicting crises, allowing you to industrialize with perfect timing and become immensely wealthy in a very short time. The ultimate industrial mind.
1492. Infiltration Mastery,5.8
#You are the ultimate infiltrator, able to slip into any organization or location unseen and unheard. Your skill, timing and technique are always perfect, and you can instinctively dodge any form of tracking or detection, making you a ghost wherever you choose to be.
1493. Infinite Resourcefulness,6.6
#You can creatively wring the maximum possible value out of any resource available to you, tangible or intangible. Tools, knowledge, relationships, emotions, circumstances, nothing is wasted in your hands. You could build an empire from a paperclip and a favor owed.
1495. Information Brokering Mastery,4.2
#You are a master information broker, with an intuitive grasp on the flow of information and how to control it. You know how to extract data from public records, private sources, social networks, purchase histories and whatever else you need, and you know exactly who to sell it to. A terrifying skill in the right hands.
1501. Inner Being Arts,5.0
#You are trained in the Inner Being Arts, a specialized system of techniques built around tapping into the essence of the entity dwelling within you. By synchronizing body, mind and spirit, you can channel the inner being to empower your physiology, healing and combat skill. Lack of discipline risks possession.
1504. Inner Power Arts,5.2
#You have learned the Inner Power Arts, a specialized system of techniques built around tapping the supernatural reservoir that lies within you. Whether that reservoir is an inner beast, a personal god, latent magic or unlocked hidden potential, you can unleash offensive, defensive or support techniques drawn from it. Lack of proper knowledge could lead to dangerous backlash.
1507. Innovation Mastery,5.4
#You are the ultimate innovator, capable of perfect innovation in any field, not just science but also art, business, social sciences, and even the way people think. You instinctively innovate with flawless skill, technique and timing, needing no brainstorm or trial and error to produce something new and valuable.
1513. Instant Surgery,4.1
#You can flawlessly perform surgery in an instant, without aid and without error. A tumor excised in a blink, a bullet removed before the patient finishes flinching, the scalpel moves faster than the eye can track.
1516. Insult Mastery,3.3
#You are a master of the verbal cut, able to craft insults so precise and devastating that they cripple an opponent's confidence and composure in a single sentence. You instinctively find the deepest insecurities, fears, and weak points of your target and exploit them with surgical cruelty. Useless if you are silenced.
1519. Intellectual Combat,4.8
#You can fuse your intellect and wit with physical combat, predicting an opponent's next move before they make it, outsmarting them as easily as overpowering them. Every fight becomes a chess match where you see three moves ahead. Still requires a base of combat knowledge to draw from.
1521. Interrogation Mastery,3.5
#You are a master of interrogation, intuitively knowing when to play good cop and when to play bad cop, reading micro-expressions and exploiting psychological weaknesses. You can extract information from almost anyone, though those with truly indomitable will remain closed books.
1522. Intimidation Mastery,3.6
#You are a master of intimidation, intuitively knowing exactly how to break someone's will with body language, word choice, and presence. You feel no moral or emotional hesitation in doing so, and can cultivate a terrifying reputation. Useless against those immune to fear.
1526. Inverted Activity,2.6
#You can move, act and fight just as well upside down as you can right-side up. Handstands, ceiling walks, inverted swordplay, all second nature to you.
1528. Investigation Mastery,4.1
#Your skills in investigation are flawless and complete. You can unravel mysteries and conspiracies that would stump entire agencies, your technique and timing are always perfect, and no secret can remain hidden from you for long if you put in the effort.
1529. Investing Mastery,4.0
#You are a master of investing. You instinctively pick winning stocks, know exactly when to buy and sell, and spot the best opportunities before anyone else. Given time and a starting stake, you can build a fortune from practically nothing, though the mastery itself may require some training to fully awaken.
1532. Invisibility Suit Proficiency,2.8
#(Tech) You are proficient in operating hi-tech invisibility suits, knowing exactly how to move, when to stay still and how to squeeze every second out of the battery. Useless against anyone with Invisibility Awareness or Enhanced Senses.
1536. Irish Dance Mastery,2.1
#You are a master of Irish dancing, keeping your upper body rigid while your feet perform impossibly complex and rapid footwork. Great for performances, festivals, and surprisingly effective footwork-based martial applications.
1538. Iron Grenade Proficiency,2.2
#You are a master of iron grenades, the primitive cast-iron explosives used in early warfare. You know how to prime, throw, and deploy them with deadly accuracy, though you still need to keep a supply on hand and stay clear of the blast.
1539. Islam Mastery,2.6
#You are a master of Islam, possessing deep knowledge of its theology, sacred texts, rituals, prayers and traditions. You can recite the Quran flawlessly and perform any rite of the faith with the authority of a lifelong scholar.
1540. Jackhammer Proficiency,2.0
#You are a master of wielding jackhammers, pistons, pile drivers and pneumatic drills, whether for demolition work or as bone-shattering weapons. Your precision with the tool is unmatched, though any jackhammer you use will wear down over time.
1541. Javelin Proficiency,2.6
#You are a master of wielding javelins and throwing spears, capable of hurling them with perfect technique and pinpoint accuracy over impressive distances. You can also apply this mastery to harpoons and other throwing spears.
1542. Jazz Mastery,3.1
#You are a master of jazz music and singing. You can play any jazz instrument as if you were born with it in your hands, improvise complex solos on the fly, and your performances carry a soulful weight that stirs emotion in listeners. Trumpets, saxophones, pianos, all of it bends to your rhythm.
1543. Jeet Kune Do Mastery,5.4
#You have complete mastery of Jeet Kune Do, the Intercepting Fist, the hybrid martial art founded by Bruce Lee. You can parry and counter in the same motion, seamlessly flow between kicking, punching, trapping and grappling ranges, and adapt instantly to any opponent or situation. Be water, my friend.
1544. Jet Pack Proficiency,2.3
#You are a master of using jet packs, capable of pulling off long-distance leaps, precision flight, rapid elevation changes and even using the rockets offensively. If you're not careful you can still run out of fuel and fall to your death.
1545. Jewelcrafting Mastery,3.2
#You are the ultimate master of jewelry design and crafting. Any gemstone or precious metal you touch can be shaped into a work of art with perfect skill, technique and timing. With the right materials you could craft pieces fit for kings and gods alike.
1546. Jian Arts,5.4
#You are a practitioner of the supernatural Jian Arts, a specialized system of blade techniques. At low levels you can cut steel like paper, at high levels you can slice the heavens themselves with a tree branch, as long as you hold it like a sword.
1548. Jian Proficiency Supernatural,5.8
#Your skill with a jian is supernatural, allowing you to cut through intangible or nigh invulnerable targets, deflect what should be undeflectable and slash enemies from any distance. You can even wield Empathic and Bound blades that would reject lesser swordsmen.
1549. Jian Proficiency,4.0
#You are a master of the jian, the double-edged straight sword of China. You can cut through whole groups of opponents, pierce the hardest defenses and meditate with your blade as an extension of your body. Think Tai Chi taken to a warrior's peak.
1550. Journalism Mastery,3.1
#You are a master of every form of journalism, from investigation to photography to interviewing. Information flows to you — sources open up, leads connect, and you have an instinct for the story beneath the story. Excellent for gathering intelligence.
1551. Judaism Mastery,5.6
#You have true mastery of Judaism in all its depth — the Torah, the Talmud, halakha, and the mystical traditions of Kabbalah. You can speak with divine authority, invoke the covenant, and understand the hidden meanings behind every letter of scripture. A sage of the Abrahamic tradition.
1552. Judo Mastery,3.0
#You have complete mastery of judo, the Japanese art of throws and ground control. You can redirect any opponent's force against them, throwing much larger enemies with minimal effort, and lock them down with near-inescapable holds once on the ground.
1554. Juggling Mastery,2.1
#You are a master juggler, capable of keeping an absurd number of objects in the air no matter their size or shape. You can infuse this with combat for unpredictable strikes and distractions, making you a surprisingly dangerous opponent.
1555. Jujutsu Mastery,3.8
#You are a master of jujutsu, the Japanese art of turning an opponent's force against them. You can subdue armed and armored foes with nothing but your bare hands, redirecting momentum and applying joint locks with effortless precision.
1557. Jump Pack Proficiency,2.9
#Warhammer 40k - You are highly skilled with jump packs, able to leap into groups of enemies to crush them, retreat from a lost battle in a single bound, or re-engage the fray in seconds. Watch your fuel gauge or your landing may be fatal.
1558. Jump Rope Proficiency,2.1
#You are a master of the jump rope, both as a toy and as a weapon. You can strangle, whip, bind and trip targets with it, all while pulling off the sickest double-unders anyone has ever seen.
1559. Kabaddi Mastery,2.2
#You are a master of kabaddi, the Indian contact sport of raiders and defenders. Your lung capacity, tackling technique and footwork are flawless, and you can hold your breath while chanting "kabaddi" for an absurdly long time.
1560. Kabuki Mastery,2.3
#You are a master of kabuki, the classical Japanese dance-drama. Your stylised performances, elaborate costumes and kumadori makeup are flawless, and you can captivate any audience with jidaimono, sewamono or shosagoto with equal ease.
1561. Kagura Mastery,3.2
#You are a master of Kagura, the Shinto ritual dance that seats a god within the dancer. During performance you can enter a trance state and briefly channel the divine, purifying spirits and delivering oracles. The god speaks through you for as long as you dance.
1562. Kama Proficiency,3.1
#You are a master of the kama, the traditional Japanese sickle turned weapon. With one or a pair dual-wielded, you slice and cut with superhuman precision and power, blending farm-tool practicality with lethal ninjutsu.
1563. Karambit Proficiency,2.8
#You are a master of the karambit, the curved Indonesian claw knife of the Minangkabau. You can spin, flip and slash with it in a blur of tight, vicious arcs, turning close-quarter encounters into surgical dismantlings.
1564. Karate Mastery,3.5
#You have complete mastery over karate, the Ryukyuan art of unarmed combat. Your strikes, blocks and kicks are honed to perfection, capable of breaking boards, bones, and the occasional wooden post. Training must be maintained or your edge will dull with age.
1565. Karting Mastery,1.4
#You are a karting prodigy, capable of drifting, overtaking and hugging racing lines like a seasoned pro. Hand you the wheel of a go-kart and you will embarrass anyone who isn't also gacha-blessed. Sadly does not transfer to actual cars.
1566. Katana Arts,5.7
#You are a practitioner of the supernatural Katana Arts, a discipline where each technique bends reality through the cut. Starting with basic iai draws and slashes, with mastery you can eventually cleave the heavens with a tree branch or sever intangible things like shadows and promises. Proper knowledge is critical, botching a technique can backfire badly.
1568. Katar Proficiency,2.2
#You are a master of the katar, the horizontal-handled punching blade. Your thrusts are precise and devastating, and you have an intuitive sense for the strange geometry of fighting with a weapon that extends from your fist rather than your hand.
1569. Kemetism Mastery,4.6
#You are a master of ancient Egyptian religion and its modern Kemetic revival, intimately familiar with every god, rite, hymn and offering. Your prayers actually reach the Netjer, and with proper ritual you can invoke their blessings or petition them for guidance. Some pharaonic rites become genuinely functional in your hands.
1570. Kendama Proficiency,1.6
#You are a master of wielding a kendama as a weapon, treating the little wooden toy as a hammer, flail and stabbing spike all in one. It's more lethal than it has any right to be, though people will still laugh at you until the spike goes in.
1571. Kendo Mastery,3.2
#You have complete mastery of kendo, the Japanese shinai-based sport descended from kenjutsu. Your footwork, kiai and strikes are all perfected, and while the techniques are sport-refined they transfer remarkably well to real swordsmanship in a pinch.
1572. Kenjutsu Mastery,4.2
#You are a master of kenjutsu, the traditional swordsmanship of the samurai. Every draw, cut and counter flows from decades of instinct, and you can read an opponent's blade before they commit to it. Give you a katana and you become a nightmare at arm's length.
1574. Kenpō Mastery,4.0
#You are a master of kenpō, the way of the fist, spanning its many Japanese and Chinese lineages from Shaolin Kempo to Nippon Kempo. Your striking, kicking and blocking are all elite, and you flow between styles as the situation demands, armed or unarmed.
1575. Kettlebell Proficiency,2.0
#You are a master of wielding kettlebells as weapons, swinging them like one-handed wrecking balls with perfect form and devastating momentum. You still need the raw strength and stamina to actually heft them, but your technique wastes nothing.
1576. Key Proficiency,2.3
#You are a master of using keys as makeshift weapons, whether jabbing them between your knuckles, swinging a loaded keychain like a flail or flicking them as improvised throwing darts. With practice you can wield specialized key-weaponry with surprising lethality.
1577. Keytar Mastery,1.6
#You are a master of the keytar. You can shred face-melting solos at any concert or party, and your stage presence is unmatched whenever one is strapped across your chest.
1578. Khakkhara Proficiency,2.6
#You are a master of wielding the khakkhara, the ringed Buddhist monk staff. You can deliver rapid blunt strikes with beautiful flowing form, and outside of combat the rhythmic jingling of the rings carries a strangely calming, ward-like presence.
1579. Khopesh Proficiency,2.4
#You are proficient in wielding the khopesh, the sickle-sword of ancient Egypt. You know how to exploit its hooked blade to disarm, trip and rip past shields in ways a straight sword cannot.
1580. Kickball Mastery,1.1
#You are a master of kickball. On the playground or the company picnic, no one can out-kick, out-field or out-base-run you.
1581. Kickboxing Mastery,3.6
#You are a master of kickboxing, well versed in Japanese kickboxing, Savate, Sanda and Muay Thai. Your strikes flow seamlessly between punches, kicks, knees and elbows, and you can read an opponent's stance and rhythm with a trained eye.
1587. Kitchen Knife Proficiency,2.2
#You are a master of wielding kitchen knives, whether for their intended purpose of preparing a meal or as makeshift weapons. In your hands a paring knife becomes as deadly as a combat dagger, and a cleaver becomes a small axe.
1588. Kite Proficiency,2.3
#You are a master of wielding kites, from fast kites and fighter kites to hang gliders and paragliders. You can use them as weapons in midair duels, cut other kite strings with ease, and use them to achieve long-distance leaps, gliding flight and elevation.
1589. Knee Walking,0.4
#You can move, run and act on your knees with unusual grace. You can walk on your knees basically exclusively, and have no trouble doing most things from that height.
1591. Knife Proficiency,3.0
#You are a master of wielding knives, whether one, two, or many at once. You can conceal multiple blades flawlessly on your person and retrieve them without a tell, wield them in close quarters with lethal precision, and throw them with deadly accuracy. Your skill does not translate to larger blades like swords.
1592. Knitting Mastery,1.7
#You are a master of knitting, able to interlink loops of thread into garments, tapestries and fabric constructs with astonishing speed and artistry. Your work is tight, warm, and aesthetically flawless.
1593. Knobkerrie Proficiency,2.4
#You are a master of wielding knobkerries, the African club-spear with a heavy round head and a pointed end. In your hands the round end crushes skulls like a hammer, and the sharp end stabs like a spear. You are equally proficient with the similar Gaderffii.
1594. Knotting Mastery,2.6
#You are the ultimate knotter, able to tie or untie any knot flawlessly and in record time. From sailor's hitches to decorative macramé to escape artistry, your fingers move with perfect technique and timing, never fumbling, never slipping.
1596. Knuckle-Walking,0.4
#You can move on all fours like a gorilla or chimpanzee, bearing your weight on your knuckles with ease. Great for impressing people at the zoo, less great for anything practical.
1597. Kobudō Mastery,4.8
#You have complete mastery of kobudō, the weapons systems of Okinawan martial arts. Bo staff, sai, tonfa, kama, nunchaku, tekko, tinbe-rochin and surujin all flow through your hands as naturally as breathing. Any traditional Okinawan weapon you pick up becomes an extension of your body.
1598. Krav Maga Mastery,3.8
#You have complete mastery of Krav Maga, the brutal military self-defense system of the Israeli Defense Forces. You know how to neutralize threats with ruthless efficiency, striking vulnerable points and ending fights before they begin. No flashy forms, just results.
1599. Kris Proficiency,3.4
#You are a master of the kris, the wavy-bladed Indonesian knife. You wield it with cunning and deadly precision, concealing multiple blades on your person and drawing them at will in combat. Larger weapons may feel awkward in your hands.
1600. Kukri Proficiency,2.3
#You are a master of wielding the kukri, the recurved short blade of the Indian subcontinent. In your hands its chopping power and close-quarters lethality are maximized, making you a terror in any knife fight.
1601. Kunai Proficiency,2.4
#Naruto - You are highly proficient with the kunai, able to throw them with deadly accuracy or use them in close combat with the fluidity of a seasoned shinobi. Your aim with thrown kunai borders on the supernatural.
1602. Kung Fu Mastery,4.5
#You are a master of all forms of Chinese martial arts, from the flowing grace of Tai Chi to the explosive power of Shaolin. Your body moves with decades of internalized practice, and you can switch between styles mid-combat to counter any opponent.
1603. Kusari-Fundo Proficiency,2.5
#You are a master of the kusari-fundo, a weighted chain weapon. You can ensnare limbs, shatter bones with the weighted end, or disarm opponents with a flick of your wrist.
1604. Kusarigama Proficiency,2.9
#You are a master of the kusarigama, the traditional Japanese chain-sickle. You can entangle opponents at range with the weighted chain before finishing them with the sickle, making you equally dangerous up close and at a distance.
1605. Kyūdō Mastery,3.0
#You are a master of kyūdō, the meditative Japanese art of archery. Your draw is perfect, your stance is unshakable, and your arrows fly with a calm precision born from spiritual discipline.
1606. Kyoketsu-Shoge Proficiency,2.8
#You are a master of the kyoketsu-shoge, the Japanese hooked blade tethered to a weighted rope. Your mastery extends to rope darts and similar weapons, letting you strike, ensnare and reel in opponents from unexpected angles.
1607. Kyujutsu Mastery,3.4
#You are a master of kyūjutsu, the battlefield ancestor of kyudo. Unlike its modern counterpart, your archery is tuned for war, letting you loose arrows from horseback, in close quarters, and under the pressure of combat with deadly efficiency.
1608. Kyushojitsu Mastery,4.3
#You are a master of kyushojitsu, the martial art of pressure points. With a single precise strike, you can disrupt the flow of energy and nerves in the body, causing pain, paralysis, unconsciousness or, conversely, relief from ailments.
1609. Lacrosse Mastery,1.7
#You are a master of lacrosse, able to catch, carry, pass, and shoot the ball with uncanny precision. You are a one-person team on the field, and the crosse feels like an extension of your arm.
1610. Ladder Proficiency,1.2
#You are capable of using a ladder as a makeshift weapon with surprising effectiveness, whether swinging it, pinning enemies with its rungs, or using it as a polearm. Jackie Chan would be proud.
1611. Ladle Proficiency,0.8
#You are a master of wielding the humble ladle as a weapon. In your hands, a soup spoon becomes a dangerous bludgeon, and even grandma's kitchen becomes an armory.
1612. Lance Proficiency,3.1
#You are a master of the lance, the knight's thrusting polearm. Every charge you make delivers devastating piercing force and your reach on horseback is almost untouchable. Dismounted however, you are significantly less effective.
1613. Land Warfare Mastery,4.8
#You are a master of ground combat in every form, infantry tactics, armor, artillery, terrain exploitation, squad coordination and the full breadth of land warfare doctrine. Drop you into any battlefield and you will read it like a book and carve up your opponents accordingly.
1615. Laser Whip Proficiency,3.3
#You are a master of the laser whip, a high-tech weapon whose thong is made of stimulated-emission light. You can crack it with lethal accuracy at long range, cut through armor and disarm opponents, though you'll struggle up close and the weapon is far deadlier than a normal whip.
1616. Lasso Proficiency,2.3
#You are a master of the lasso, able to wield it with incredible range, accuracy and speed. You can bind opponents, yank weapons out of hands, snatch objects from a distance and swing from rooftops with cowboy flair. Close quarters are not your strong suit.
1620. Law Mastery,3.6
#You are an intuitive master of legal systems, doctrines and loopholes. You instinctively know how to phrase a contract, argue a case, or craft legislation to bend any situation in your favor. In a courtroom you are nearly untouchable, and you could draft laws that make your enemies legally helpless given enough time.
1621. Lawn Mower Proficiency,0.4
#You are an absolute master of the lawn mower, able to cut the most beautiful, even lawns anyone has ever seen. You can also wield one as a makeshift weapon if pushed hard enough, though you'd better hope it has gas in it.
1622. Laying Maneuverability,2.2
#You are terrifyingly good at fighting and moving while lying on the ground. Prone or supine, you can dodge, strike and reposition with the grace of someone standing, making you dangerous in situations most people would consider helpless.
1623. Leadership Mastery,4.5
#You are a master of leadership, with an intuitive grasp of speech, tone and body language that lets you inspire fanatical loyalty in those who follow you. You can read a room, rally the broken, and forge devotion from doubt. Given enough time and exposure, you could build a cult of personality around yourself with disturbing ease.
1624. Leaf Proficiency,2.0
#You are capable of wielding leaves as deadly weapons, turning what most people would consider yard waste into shuriken, blades and whips. Sounds silly until one of them severs an artery. Vulnerable to anyone carrying a lighter.
1625. Leaping,1.9
#You can jump at the peak of human capability without being superhuman, clearing 4-8 feet vertically and leaping 20-30 feet horizontally. Great for hopping onto rooftops or over small ditches, but don't expect to clear buildings.
1626. Ledge Walking Mastery,1.1
#You can shuffle along narrow ledges pressed against a wall without losing your footing. Still doesn't help if the ledge itself decides to crumble under your weight.
1627. Legged Tank Mastery,3.3
#You are a master of operating tanks with legs, whether walkers, crawlers or spider-mechs. Any legged armored vehicle you climb into responds to you like it was built for your hands, letting you stomp across terrain no treaded tank could ever cross.
1628. Leiomano Proficiency,2.7
#You are a master of the leiomano, the shark-toothed club of Polynesian cultures, especially the native Hawaiians. Every swing rips and tears like a living shark's jaw, but the weapon is heavy to lift and leaves you vulnerable at range.
1630. Lethwei Mastery,4.1
#You are a master of Lethwei, the brutal Burmese full-contact martial art famous for allowing headbutts alongside strikes, kicks, knees and elbows. You fight with a terrifying tolerance for pain and an aggressive style built to break opponents down. Requires training to maintain and your edge dulls with age unless you have something like Old Prime.
1633. Lie Proficiency,3.3
#You are a master liar, through both words and actions. Your falsehoods are seamless in tone, rhythm and body language, allowing you to fool even perceptive people and, with enough skill, cheat ordinary Lie Detection.
1635. Life-Force Arts,5.5
#You are trained in the Life-Force Arts, a system of supernatural techniques built around harnessing vital energy. By accessing and controlling your inner life-force you can influence vitality, growth, and life itself, achieving feats beyond normal biological limits. Not tied to magic, though magic can enhance it. Your capabilities scale with training and discipline.
1636. Life-Force Bow Proficiency,3.8
#You are a master of wielding bows infused with life-force, either innately or through years of training. You can reshape the bow mid-draw, adjusting its attributes and arrows on the fly to fit any situation. Requires both hands to use effectively.
1639. Life-Force Sword Proficiency,4.3
#You are a master of wielding blades made of or infused with life-force, channeling your vitality into every cut with devastating precision. Pouring too much energy into the blade may drain you, and weaker blades may require a hilt as a conduit.
1642. Light Gun Proficiency,0.4
#You are a master of light guns, those plastic pistol-shaped arcade controllers. Useful for winning at House of the Dead, considerably less useful in a real fight.
1643. Light-Dark Science,5.9
#You are equally proficient in both Benevolent and Dark Science, able to wield them separately or combine them into grey techniques that blur the line between healing and horror. You can fluidly switch between beneficial and malefic approaches depending on what the situation demands.
1644. Lighter Proficiency,1.2
#You are incredibly skilled with lighters, able to use them in ways no one else would think to. Still runs out of fuel like any other lighter.
1646. Liminality Arts,5.7
#You are trained in a specialized martial and mystical system built around liminal power - the threshold between phases, states, and places. You can draw strength from twilights, solstices, doorways, purgatories and rites of passage, turning in-between states into a weapon and a discipline.
1648. Line Dancing Mastery,1.1
#You are a master of line dancing, able to flawlessly follow and lead any choreographed line dance sequence. Boot scootin' boogie, electric slide, cha cha slide - you've got them all locked in.
1649. Linguistics Mastery,3.0
#You are a master linguist, capable of speaking, reading and writing in many languages with native-level fluency. Picking up new tongues is far easier for you than for others, though you may specialize in certain language families over others.
1650. Lip Reading Mastery,2.6
#You are a master of reading lips, capable of understanding entire conversations at a glance from across a crowded room. Masks and turned faces defeat you, and if you are blind the skill is completely useless.
1656. Literary Mastery,3.6
#You are a master of literature, able to write poetry or prose of genuine artistic value across any genre and decipher obscure passages at a glance. Your own writing carries weight that other authors spend lifetimes trying to reach.
1657. Literary Weapon Proficiency,3.4
#You are a master of wielding books, scrolls, tablets and other literary objects as weapons. Whether mundane or enchanted, any written artifact placed in your hand becomes a deadly tool.
1658. Lock-Picking Mastery,3.4
#You are a master lockpicker, capable of defeating any mechanical or electronic lock regardless of complexity. Given time and tools, no mundane lock is beyond you, and with enough practice you can crack supernatural ones too. Absolute Locks still say no though.
1659. Locomotion Arts,4.6
#You have trained in the supernatural art of movement itself, walking, running, climbing, sliding, crawling. Through this practice you wildly outperform ordinary people in any form of travel, flowing across terrain like water across stone. A missed step at the wrong moment can still get you killed.
1660. Longbow Proficiency,2.7
#You are proficient with the longbow, whether through innate talent or rigorous training. You can draw heavy bows with ease and put arrows on target at impressive ranges.
1661. Longsword Proficiency,3.9
#You are a master of the longsword, the two-handed blade. You can take on multiple opponents at once, balance swiftness with brutal force, and cut through defenses with incredible grace and technique. Your understanding of the weapon is bone-deep, though you will struggle in closed spaces.
1663. Love Mastery,3.2
#You are a master of love and romance, you instinctively understand what draws people together and what pulls them apart. You can give flawless relationship advice, help estranged couples actually work through their problems instead of running, and make yourself significantly more desirable when you want to be.
1664. Love Potion Mastery,2.8
#You are a master of brewing and wielding love potions. You know every recipe, every dosage, every subtle variation between infatuation, obsession and true devotion. Your potions are undetectable to most senses and incredibly difficult to counteract.
1665. Lucha Libre Mastery,3.3
#You are a master of lucha libre, the high-flying Mexican style of professional wrestling. You excel at aerial maneuvers, rope-assisted launches, rapid-fire combinations and intricate submission holds. You are more agile and graceful than a typical power wrestler and your theatrical presence is considerable.
1666. Luggage Combat,2.3
#You can seamlessly integrate luggage control into your physical combat style, swinging suitcases like warhammers, deflecting blows with briefcases and using duffels as extensions of your limbs. Works best when you actually have luggage on hand.
1667. Luggage Proficiency,1.9
#You are a master of wielding luggage as a makeshift weapon. Choking someone with a suitcase handle, swinging a packed briefcase like a mace, throwing a rolling carry-on at someone's knees, it all comes naturally to you. You still need to be strong enough to lift the heavier ones.
1671. Lute Mastery,2.1
#You are a master of the lute and its many cousins - pipa, biwa, sitar, veena, sanxian, shamisen. Any plucked string instrument sings in your hands, and your playing can move crowds to tears or to dance.
1672. Mace Proficiency,2.6
#You are a master of the mace and morning star. You can deliver bone-shattering blows, crack open heavy armor, and break down fortified structures with ease. In close quarters, you are a wrecking ball.
1673. Machete Proficiency,2.5
#You are a master of machetes, billhooks, and parangs. Whether clearing brush or an enemy line, the broad blade is an extension of your arm. You handle it like a sword, a knife, and a tool all at once.
1674. Machine Gun Proficiency,3.0
#You are a master of machine guns of all kinds, from belt-fed heavies to squad automatics. You can lay down sustained suppressive fire with impossible accuracy, manage recoil effortlessly, and reload at speeds that would make a drill instructor weep.
1675. Magic Circle Combat,4.5
#You are trained in the combat art of drawing magical circles mid-fight, each inscribed with runes and incantations that release arcane energies in different forms. The circles also protect you from demons and spirits within their boundary. If the circle is broken, its power ceases.
1678. Magic Mastery,5.7
#You are a master of magic in all its myriad forms. Any spell, any school, any ritual you witness or study you can learn and perfect with outstanding ease, and your instinctive use of magic is always at peak timing and technique. Your understanding of magic is always growing, making you the ultimate magician given enough time.
1679. Magic Ranged Weaponry,3.2
#You can channel magic through ranged weapons like bows, slingshots, guns, or cannons, using them as conduits for spells or imbuing your shots with magical effects. Fires enchanted arrows, explosive spellbullets, homing mana darts, and more. Useless without a ranged weapon in hand.
1680. Magical Arts,4.3
#You are trained in the Magical Arts, a specialized system of techniques drawing on mana, spells, essence and magical entities to produce supernatural effects. These arts are deeply personal, and your practice is subject to the Principles of Uncertainty and Unpredictability - the exact outcome of a casting is never quite guaranteed.
1681. Magical Gun Proficiency,3.6
#You are a master of wielding magical firearms, either innately or through training. You can also imbue your gun with magical energy, letting you spellcast through the barrel or augment your shots with arcane effects. Requires a gun to be useful.
1682. Magical Rod Proficiency,3.2
#You are a master of wielding magical rods, either innately or through training. You can imbue your rod with magical energy to enhance your spellcasting or augment your combat capabilities, treating it as both weapon and focus.
1683. Magical Sceptre Proficiency,3.3
#You are a master of wielding magical sceptres, either innately or through training. You can imbue your sceptre with magical energy to enhance your spellcasting or bolster its aura of command, making it as effective for leading as for striking.
1684. Magical Staff Proficiency,3.4
#You are a master of wielding magical staves, either innately or through training. Your staff serves as both a weapon and a spell focus, and you can imbue it with magical energy to augment your casting and combat capabilities in equal measure.
1685. Magical Sword Proficiency,3.8
#You are a master of wielding magical swords, either innately or through training. You can imbue your sword with magical energy to grant it spellcasting properties or augment your swordplay, letting you cut through both flesh and spells with ease.
1686. Magical Weapon Proficiency,4.2
#You are highly skilled at infusing magic into weapons combat, whether channeling spells through your blade or enhancing your strikes with arcane force. Your attacks hit harder, more precise, and can harm magical beings that would otherwise shrug off mundane weapons.
1687. Magicians Mastery,3.8
#You are a master of stage magic and sleight of hand, capable of pulling off tricks and deceptions no non-magician could ever hope to see through. You can weave actual small-scale spells into your performances, turning a flashy show into a genuinely deadly one. Those with sharp perception powers may still catch on.
1688. Magma Arts,4.5
#Naruto - You are trained in the Magma Arts, a specialized system of techniques based on the cultivation and manipulation of molten earth. You can channel these techniques into combat strikes, defensive formations, and transmutative effects that reshape the battlefield.
1690. Magnet Proficiency,1.9
#You are an expert at using magnets as makeshift weapons in combat, whether horseshoe magnets, lodestones, or industrial electromagnets. A niche specialty but deceptively effective against the right opponent.
1691. Magnetic Arts,4.2
#Naruto - You have mastery of the Magnetic Arts, a specialized system of martial techniques built around magnetism and magnetic field manipulation. Also known as Magnet Release, these techniques can be devastating in skilled hands but require careful study to avoid losing control.
1693. Magnetic-Powered Ranged Weaponry,4.2
#You have proficiency with ranged weapons that channel magnetic and electromagnetic forces, from railguns and coilguns to magnetic bows, artillery and mass accelerators. You can also impose those effects on ordinary firearms to enhance their output. Robotic allies nearby may suffer EMP side effects.
1696. Mahjong Mastery,1.7
#You are a master of mahjong, whether through long training or natural talent. Tile reading, scoring, bluffing, and probability all come to you instinctively. If you ever find yourself in a gambling den, you'll walk out rich or dead.
1697. Maintenance Mastery,3.1
#You have prodigious expertise in maintenance, instinctively knowing how to service, repair and care for machinery, equipment, infrastructure, and utilities of all kinds. Anything mechanical under your care runs flawlessly for longer than it has any right to. You also intuitively sense what's beneficial or harmful to your equipment.
1698. Malefic Arts,5.4
#You are trained in the Malefic Arts, a specialized system of techniques built around negative and dark power. Ranges from reanimation to Lovecraftian summoning to calling upon evil entities. The arts themselves are vile but you don't have to be. Improper knowledge can lead to possession or backlash.
1703. Management Mastery,3.8
#You are a master manager, able to run teams, businesses, organizations or even the chaotic schedules of prima-donna individuals with absolute ease. You intuitively know how to delegate, when to push, when to pull back, and how to get the best out of everyone under you. An incredibly useful skill for anyone trying to build something bigger than themselves.
1704. Manga Mastery,3.3
#You are a master mangaka, able to draw and write manga, manhua, manhwa and webtoons across any genre with professional-level skill. Your panel composition, pacing, and character work could carry a serialized weekly magazine, though the lifestyle that comes with it is notoriously brutal on your health.
1705. Manhole Proficiency,2.2
#You are an absolute master at using manhole covers as weapons in combat, wielding them as shields, discuses, blunt instruments or improvised traps with devastating effect. The biggest limitation is just how heavy the damn things are for most people to carry around.
1706. Manipulation Mastery,5.7
#You are a master of psychological manipulation, able to weave lies, truths and half-truths together so skillfully that resistance becomes unthinkable. You read emotions, traumas and beliefs in real time and exploit them to reshape how a person sees themselves and the world, even turning their awareness of being manipulated into another tool of control. Only those with indomitable will and higher personal mastery can shake you off.
1707. Manufacturing Mastery,4.1
#You are a master of manufacturing, capable of converting raw materials into finished goods with perfect skill and timing. You can predict industrial crises, always pick the right product to develop, and scale production to empires. Getting rich is just a matter of time.
1708. Maraca Mastery,1.1
#You are a master of playing the maraca. You can shake them with rhythmic perfection that captivates audiences, though whether that is a useful life skill is a question only you can answer.
1709. Marble Game Mastery,1.8
#You are the ultimate marble game player, dominating any marble-based competition with perfect skill, technique and timing. Useless in most fights, but if you ever end up in a Squid Game scenario involving marbles, you are untouchable.
1710. Marine Biology Mastery,2.5
#You are a master of marine biology, possessing complete expertise over ocean lifeforms. You can identify species at a glance, predict their behavior, and understand ecosystems most researchers spend lifetimes studying.
1711. Marine Corps Martial Arts Program Mastery,4.2
#You are a master of MCMAP, the combat system developed by the United States Marine Corps. You seamlessly shift between nonlethal restraints, incapacitating strikes and lethal force depending on the situation, always applying the exact amount of violence needed and no more.
1712. Marketing Mastery,3.9
#You are a master marketer, able to acquire, satisfy and retain customers with perfect skill and timing. You can sell sand to a desert, build empires on brand loyalty, and craft campaigns that bore themselves into the collective psyche.
1713. Adept Martial Arts Mastery,4.6
#You possess genuine mastery across most conventional martial arts, armed and unarmed. Decades of training condensed into your bones - you could single-handedly take apart a dojo of black belts and still be warming up. Not quite on the divine level but enough to make you a one-person army against mundane opposition.
1714. Mask Proficiency,2.8
#You are a master of wielding masks as weapons, whether throwing them like frisbees, using them as bludgeons or slicing with their jagged edges. Somehow in your hands a porcelain noh mask becomes as deadly as a sword.
1719. Massaging Mastery,3.2
#You are the ultimate masseur, your hands instinctively find every knot, pressure point and tender spot. With the right technique you can induce healing, relaxation, pleasure, or even orgasms in your target. A very dangerous skill to have in the wrong hands, and a very welcome one in the right ones.
1720. Whip Combat,4.1
#You have mastered the art of combining whip mastery with martial arts, weaving lashes, binds and cracks into your physical combat. You can disarm a swordsman mid-swing, snatch a weapon from across a room, or use your whip as an extension of your own body in a brawl.
1721. Math Combat,4.3
#Allows you to weave mathematics into your physical combat, using numbers, geometric shapes and computational predictions to augment your fighting. You calculate angles and forces faster than thought, predict enemy movements through pattern recognition, and strike with geometrically perfect precision.
1722. Math Defense,3.6
#Allows you to enhance your defensive skills with arithmetic power, blocking, parrying and dodging with the raw logic of mathematics behind every move. You calculate trajectories, angles and impacts in real time to position yourself perfectly.
1724. Mathematics Mastery,3.6
#You have an intuitive and flawless grasp of all mathematics, from arithmetic to calculus. You can calculate trajectories, probabilities, and solve any math problem instantly in your head. Useful for predicting the path of projectiles, optimizing decisions on the fly, and making anyone who challenges you to a math duel deeply regret it.
1729. Mauling Mastery,3.5
#You have a knack for tearing your enemies to shreds with nothing but raw force and ferocity. Dismemberment, decapitation and disembowelment with your bare hands come as naturally to you as breathing, provided you have the strength to back it up. Less effective against fast or superhumanly durable targets.
1730. Mecha Piloting Mastery,3.8
#You possess formidable skill in piloting any form of mecha, from cockpit-controlled giants to remote-operated drones. You instinctively understand weapons systems and movement controls regardless of the machine. Outside of your mecha you may be at a significant disadvantage.
1731. Mechanical Mastery,4.5
#You are the ultimate mechanic, any mechanical device you lay eyes on unfolds in your mind as a complete schematic. You can construct functional weapons and contraptions out of scrap and garbage, and operate any mechanism with perfect timing and technique. Without electronics though, some feats remain out of reach.
1732. Medical Mastery,4.2
#You are a master of medicine, able to easily diagnose, treat and manage any injury or disease. You can concoct remedies from almost anything in your environment, identify poisons and cures in the wild at a glance, and perform surgery with perfect precision. This does not grant you actual healing powers, only the knowledge and skill to heal the old-fashioned way.
1733. Medical Torture Mastery,4.0
#You are terrifyingly knowledgeable in the art of medical torture, wielding medical science for nefarious ends in direct violation of every oath a physician would swear. You can inflict calibrated suffering, extract information, or break a mind while keeping the body alive. Does not work well on non-organic targets or those shielded by esoteric defenses.
1734. Medical/Lab Device Proficiency,3.0
#You are a master in the use of medical and laboratory devices, sutures, saws, needles, scalpels, every instrument of the trade moves in your hands like it belongs there. Often comes with a natural knack for science, surgery and healing-adjacent skills.
1735. Medicine Arts,5.0
#You are trained in the Medicine Arts, a specialized system of techniques built around pharmaceutical power. From traditional knowledge of pills, ointments, elixirs and unguents to esoteric practices that let you synthesize remedies for even supernatural afflictions. A lack of proper knowledge however can turn your concoctions into poisons.
1736. Medicine Combat,4.1
#You are able to combine medicine and medical equipment with your combat skills, turning normally palliative substances and items into improvised weapons. Scalpels become blades, syringes become projectiles, and the right elixir at the right moment can turn the tide of a fight.
1737. Medicine Defense,3.7
#Your defensive skills are enhanced by medication and pharmaceutical supplies, allowing you to block, parry and dodge with medicinal tools and substances acting as both shield and reagent. Too much energy spent on defense will leave you exhausted.
1739. Melee Striking Mastery,5.2
#You are a master of landing strikes, able to read and exploit any opponent's vulnerabilities with perfect accuracy. Your attacks connect where they hurt most, and your precision makes you virtually impossible to block. Whether unarmed or with weapons, you are the ultimate striker.
1742. Memory Game Mastery,1.4
#You are a master of memory games like Concentration, you can easily recall card positions and patterns after a brief glance. Extended sessions can leave your head pounding.
1744. Mental Combat,4.2
#You weave your mental faculties into physical combat, using intelligence, creativity, wits and intuition to dismantle opponents in the fight itself. You outmaneuver and outthink them in real time, making foes look like amateurs no matter how strong their fists.
1746. Mesoamerican Mastery,2.8
#You possess innate, encyclopedic knowledge of Mesoamerican religions and mythologies, including Aztec, Maya, Olmec and more. You understand their gods, rituals, calendars and cosmology as intimately as a lifelong scholar who grew up in the temples.
1748. Metal Ball Proficiency,2.6
#You are a master of wielding metal balls as weapons, whether as flails, thrown ordinance or close-quarters bludgeons. Requires notable strength to put the weight behind them, but in trained hands a simple sphere becomes lethal.
1751. Metallurgy Mastery,3.3
#You are a master of metallurgy, able to examine any metal and instantly determine its composition, properties, and potential uses. You can design unique alloys with precision and repurpose scrap into high-grade material, making you invaluable to any forge or workshop.
1752. Metalsmithing Mastery,3.5
#You are a master metalsmith, capable of fashioning tools, kitchenware, jewelry, armor and weapons from iron, steel, silver, gold, or any other metal with effortless precision. Your craftsmanship rivals that of veteran blacksmiths, and with time and rare materials, you can produce truly exceptional pieces.
1753. Meteor Hammer Proficiency,3.0
#You are a master of wielding meteor hammers, the ancient Chinese weapon of one or two weights connected by a long cord. You can whip, ensnare, strike and disarm with fluid precision, turning a simple chain into a whirlwind of devastating force.
1754. Meteorology Mastery,3.2
#You are a master of meteorology, with vast knowledge of the atmosphere, atmospheric phenomena and weather patterns. You can predict weather with uncanny accuracy, read storm fronts at a glance, and understand exactly how the sky will behave in the coming days.
1757. Microbiology Mastery,3.2
#You are a master of microbiology, with encyclopedic knowledge of bacteria, viruses, fungi, prions and protozoa. You can identify pathogens on sight, engineer cultures, and understand the invisible ecology shaping climate, disease and decay.
1758. Microphone Proficiency,1.6
#You are a master of wielding microphones as weapons, able to crack skulls with the handle, garrote with the cable, and weaponize your own voice through the amplification. Every stage performer's dream and nightmare.
1759. Mid-Air Combat,3.3
#You have mastered fighting in the air, incorporating aerobatics, leaping and aerial movement into your combat style. Requires some means of staying airborne to be useful, whether flight powers or just a very long jump.
1760. Mid-Air Defense,3.1
#You have mastered defensive maneuvers while airborne, blocking, parrying and dodging through aerobatic movement. Useless if you cannot stay in the air and weak against Flight Negation.
1762. Military Armor Proficiency,2.0
#You are a master of wearing and moving in military-grade body armor, knowing exactly how to position plates, distribute weight, and fight without the bulk slowing you down.
1763. Military Mastery,5.7
#You are a master of military doctrine, strategy and tactics across every branch of the armed services. You can predict enemy movements, devise unwinnable-looking victories, and always find the right choice to advance your objectives. A Sun Tzu of your era, able to win any war given sufficient resources.
1764. Military Weapon Proficiency,3.8
#You have mastery over military weaponry and technology, from sidearms and rifles to tanks, drones, and guided missile systems. Any weapon or piece of military hardware you lay your hands on, you can operate as if you have been trained on it for years. Non-military weaponry may still require some adjustment.
1765. Mine Proficiency,2.6
#You are a master at deploying, concealing, and disarming mines of all varieties, from anti-personnel to anti-tank. You instinctively know the best spots to place them and can rig improvised explosives with terrifying efficiency.
1768. Miniature Golf Mastery,0.7
#You are a master of miniature golf, able to pull off impossible bank shots, loop-the-loops, and hole-in-ones on even the most absurd courses. The local arcade leaderboard fears you.
1769. Mining Mastery,2.4
#You are a master miner, capable of extracting valuable ores and minerals from any geological formation with efficiency and precision. You instinctively know where to dig, how to avoid cave-ins, and can spot a rich vein at a glance.
1770. Mining Vehicle Mastery,1.9
#You are a master of operating mining vehicles, from minecarts and haul trucks to massive mobile drilling rigs. You can pilot them through the most treacherous tunnels and extract the maximum performance from any machine.
1771. Miracle Arts,7.4
#You have mastered the Miracle Arts, a system of techniques that invoke miraculous phenomena in defiance of natural law. Through prayer, meditation, or ritual, you can call upon healing, restoration, protection, destruction, and curses. Lack of proper knowledge may cause power loss or dangerous miscasts.
1774. Miraculous Culinary Creation,5.8
#You can cook and bake culinary masterpieces whose effects border on reality-warping. Your dishes can induce time-travel, temporary death, transcendence and other impossible phenomena when consumed. The catch is that you rarely know exactly what a dish will do until someone takes a bite.
1775. Mirror Arts,5.3
#You have mastered the Mirror Arts, a specialized system of techniques built around reflection and mirrored force. You can deflect incoming attacks, weave illusions, and even transport yourself and others to mirror worlds with the right techniques.
1776. Mirror Combat,3.2
#You can incorporate mirrors into physical combat, using them as projectiles, defensive shields and reflectors for incoming attacks. Be warned, mirrors are fragile and without Shard Manipulation a shattered mirror is just glass on the floor.
1777. Mirror Proficiency,2.2
#You are a master of wielding mirrors of all kinds, from hand mirrors to pocket mirrors to wall-sized looking glasses. A strange but surprisingly versatile skill in the right hands, though the fragility of your tool of choice remains your greatest weakness.
1778. Mixed Martial Arts Mastery,5.2
#You are a master of blending martial arts, seamlessly flowing between styles and improvising new techniques mid-fight. Your fighting style is uniquely yours, making you incredibly difficult to predict or counter. Against opponents with supernatural martial arts you still need raw stats to back yourself up.
1779. Mode Arts,4.7
#You are a practitioner of Mode Arts, a specialized discipline that grants access to unique supernatural forms, each with their own abilities and attributes. Switching between modes requires training and proper knowledge, otherwise you risk power loss or backlash.
1783. Molecular Arts,5.7
#You are a practitioner of the Molecular Arts, a specialized martial and esoteric system built around molecular manipulation. You can clump molecules into any material or substance, dismember matter down to its constituent molecules, and chain techniques together in combat. Requires extensive knowledge to use safely, improper application may cause molecular backlash.
1785. Molotov Cocktail Proficiency,2.3
#You are a master of making and hurling Molotov Cocktails, capable of turning any glass bottle and flammable liquid into a reliably devastating incendiary weapon. You know the ratios, the wicks, and the throwing arcs. Requires components to make them and you still need to avoid setting yourself on fire.
1786. Mon Studies Mastery,3.3
#You are a master of mon studies, an expert in the behavior, anatomy, abilities and weaknesses of every kind of mon. A quick look at an unfamiliar creature tells you how it fights, what it fears, and how to catch or kill it, and you can document new species with professional precision.
1788. Monkey-Fu Mastery,4.1
#You are a master of Monkey Kung Fu, a martial art that mimics the unpredictable acrobatics, feints and opportunistic strikes of a monkey. With enough practice your fighting style becomes impossible to read, flowing between ground tumbles and aerial strikes with perfect ease.
1789. Monster Arts,5.4
#You are a practitioner of the Monster Arts, a specialized martial system built around channeling monstrous essence to enhance your body and abilities. You may not even be a monster yourself, but through these techniques you can call on their power, though improper use may slowly turn you into one.
1790. Monster Capturing Device Proficiency,3.5
#You are a master at using monster-capturing devices, whether pokeballs, sealing scrolls, binding cages or magical jars. In your hands these tools work with near-perfect success rates and you instinctively know the right device for the right creature.
1792. Monster Studies Mastery,3.8
#You are a master monsterologist, with a deep understanding of monster behavior, anatomy, weaknesses and cultural significance. You can identify a monster from a single footprint or legend, dissect its abilities, and know exactly how to hunt, bond with, or appease it. Knowledge alone does not grant power to overcome them, however.
1794. Morphogenetic Arts,5.6
#You have trained in the Morphogenetic Arts, a specialized system of practices that taps into morphogenetic fields, the living information that shapes all organic form. Through these arts you can channel the field for martial techniques, defensive maneuvers, and other abilities based on the nature of the energy you wield.
1797. Morse Code Mastery,1.4
#You are a master of Morse code, able to send and interpret telegraphic messages with ease. Handy for covert communication, but limited to the people who actually know Morse code.
1798. Moshing Mastery,1.1
#You are a master of moshing, crowd surfing, headbanging and pogo-ing. In the chaos of a mosh pit you move with instinctive grace, releasing frustrations and celebrating the music without ever getting seriously hurt.
1800. Mountain Ascending Enhanced,1.6
#You can climb and walk up hills and mountains with remarkable ease, even the steep ones. You know where to place your feet and how to read the rock, though you still need to be careful not to fall.
1801. Movement Mastery,4.2
#You possess perfect mastery over the movement of your own body. Every step, swing, and twist is executed with flawless precision and zero wasted effort. You still need the stamina to make the movement, but you will never misstep, stumble, or fumble a technique again.
1803. Muay Thai Mastery,4.0
#You have complete mastery over Muay Thai, the art of eight limbs. Your punches, kicks, elbows and knees flow together with devastating precision, and your clinch work is second to none. In a close-quarters fight, few martial arts can match your output.
1804. Mud Arts,3.5
#You are trained in the Mud Arts, a cultivation-style discipline focused on the offensive and defensive manipulation of mud. With proper technique you can use mud for strikes, barriers, and enhancement, but improper practice can backfire dangerously.
1805. Multi-Arrow Proficiency,3.2
#You are capable of nocking and loosing multiple arrows at once with incredible ease, peppering a target with a single draw or striking several foes in a single shot.
1806. Multi-Ball Proficiency,2.3
#You can wield multiple balls or spheres in combat with incredible ease, juggling, throwing, and striking with them as if they were extensions of your hands.
1807. Multi-Boomerang Proficiency,3.0
#You can wield multiple boomerangs or cutters at once with incredible ease, throwing them in arcs that weave and return in impossible patterns. Coordinating a large flock of them takes serious training.
1808. Multi-Bow Proficiency,3.1
#You can wield multiple bows and arrows at the same time with incredible ease, firing from several bows simultaneously as if you had extra arms.
1809. Multi-Broadsword Proficiency,3.2
#You can wield multiple broadswords at once in combat with incredible ease, swinging them in sweeping arcs that would pulverize a normal swordsman.
1810. Multi-Cutlass Proficiency,3.1
#You can wield multiple cutlasses at once with incredible ease, carving through opponents in a swashbuckling flurry of steel.
1811. Multi-Gun Proficiency,3.3
#You can wield multiple firearms at once with incredible ease, whether that means dual wielding pistols, firing two rifles from the hip, or somehow handling four guns at the same time. Coordinating large numbers of them is no easy feat.
1812. Multi-Katana Proficiency,3.6
#One Piece - You can wield multiple katanas at once with incredible ease, from Santoryu's three-blade style up to nine-blade styles. Your grip, stance and motion adapt naturally to however many swords you are wielding.
1813. Multi-Knife Proficiency,3.0
#You can wield multiple knives and daggers at once with incredible ease, whether that means fanning them between your fingers, dual wielding, or hurling handfuls in a single throw.
1814. Multi-Mode Weapon Proficiency,3.7
#You are a master of handling weapons with multiple modes, swapping a weapon from assault rifle to grenade launcher to flamethrower mid-fight without hesitation. You instinctively know which mode to use for the situation.
1815. Multi-Sabre Proficiency,3.1
#You can wield multiple sabres at once with incredible ease, carving elegant arcs of steel through multiple opponents with flourishing grace.
1816. Multi-Scythe Proficiency,3.3
#You can wield multiple scythes at once with incredible ease, reaping through opponents with sweeping crescent arcs from every angle.
1817. Multi-Section Spear Proficiency,3.0
#You are a master of the multi-section spear, a chain of wooden or metal staffs connected by cord with a blade at the end. The whipping, snapping motion of the weapon is second nature to you.
1818. Multi-Sickle Proficiency,3.0
#You can wield multiple sickles at once with incredible ease, hooking and slashing at opponents with the curved blades in a whirlwind of hooks and tears.
1819. Multi-Style Activity,3.5
#You possess multiple distinct styles of fighting, moving, or acting that you can swap between mid-motion without the usual mental friction. Great for baiting opponents into reading the wrong pattern or adapting on the fly when one style starts losing ground.
1820. Multi-Sword Proficiency,4.1
#One Piece - You are capable of wielding multiple swords at once with incredible ease, whether that's dual-wielding shortswords or Zoro's three-sword style with a blade in your mouth. From daggers to greatswords, any combination feels as natural as holding a single weapon.
1821. Multi-Weapon Wielding,4.3
#You are capable of wielding multiple different weapons with incredible ease in combat, be they blades, firearms, polearms or exotic gear. You could fight with a sword in one hand, a pistol in the other, a whip in your tail and a spear held in your teeth without missing a beat, though coordinating that many weapons takes practice.
1822. Multi-Whip Proficiency,3.6
#You are capable of wielding multiple whips with incredible ease, snapping, cracking and lashing them in perfect coordination. Whether it's two, four, or a dozen whips, you can control them all as extensions of your own arms, making you a terror in mid-range combat.
1823. Multiped Activity,2.8
#You can maneuver, fight, and perform tasks while on all fours or more limbs, moving as naturally as a bipedal being would on two. At mastery, you can do things a biped simply cannot, like sprinting on six legs or fighting while your hands remain free for weapons.
1824. Multiversal Arts,7.8
#You have trained in the Multiversal Arts, a specialized system of techniques that taps into the great forces that comprise the multiverse itself - quantum energy, dimensional borders, absolute forces and more. Improper knowledge of these techniques can lead to power loss or catastrophic backlash.
1828. Multiversal Science,8.5
#(Tech) You practice a form of supernatural science treating the multiverse as a system of laws, constants and experiments. You can formulate equations that apply across realities, engineer outcomes across infinite possibilities, harness raw multiversal energy in controlled ways and alter the rules of multiple universes through careful structured observation and engineering.
1830. Musical Arts,4.2
#You have trained in the Musical Arts, a specialized system of techniques built around melodious power. Through instruments, voice, or even your own body you can channel songs that influence minds, stir souls, and produce subtle supernatural effects. Lacking proper knowledge of a technique can cause power loss or dangerous backfire.
1832. Musical Weapon Proficiency,4.3
#You are a master of wielding musical weaponry, guitars that fire chords, flutes that slice, drums that shake the earth. You may also have a degree of natural sound-based ability complementing your instrument-wielding. A true one band army.
1834. Musicianship Mastery,3.0
#You possess mastered skills in musicianship, whether playing instruments, composing, singing, dancing, or understanding rhythm and pitch. You're the kind of musician people drop their jaws at, but still firmly within the realm of human talent.
1835. Mutagenetics Mastery,4.8
#You are a master of mutagenetics, the study of mutations, their effects, and the substances that cause them. You can recreate or reverse engineer any mutagen you encounter and your vast knowledge lets you engineer the perfect conditions to create mutants with the exact properties you desire.
1836. Mutation Arts,5.3
#You are trained in the Mutation Arts, a system of techniques revolving around inducing and directing mutations in yourself and others. Through proper application of these techniques you can grant targets altered physical forms and superhuman capabilities, though lack of training can cause the power to backfire.
1838. Mycology Mastery,3.0
#You are a master of mycology, the science of fungi. You understand fungal structure, chemistry, physiology and evolution at a level few humans ever reach, and you can apply this knowledge to fungal monsters as well, dissecting their behavior and weaknesses on sight.
1840. Mystic Archaeology Mastery,4.1
#You are a master of mystic archaeology, able to identify, date, and interpret any magical artifact, rune, or occult relic you come across. Just by handling an item you can intuit its origin, its purpose, and how to safely activate it, making you invaluable in any dungeon or tomb.
1841. Mystical Dancing,3.6
#You can produce a variety of mystical and supernatural effects by dancing in specific ways, from summoning rain to charming crowds to warding off evil spirits. The more elaborate and graceful the dance, the greater the effect, though you must have room to move and cannot dance while restrained.
1842. Mystical Singing,3.8
#Allows you to produce mystical and supernatural effects through song, with different melodies yielding different magics such as healing lullabies, battle hymns that empower allies, or dirges that wither foes. Silence-based powers and the right counter-song can undo your effects.
1845. Mythic Arts,5.3
#You are a practitioner of the Mythic Arts, a specialized system of techniques that channels the essence of mythological creatures, elements, and spirits. With training you can conjure mythic flames, empower your body with draconic might, or even call upon legendary beings to aid you in battle.
1846. Mythical Biology Mastery,3.6
#You are a master of mythical biology, understanding the anatomy, evolution, habitat and dietary needs of every magical creature known to legend. You could raise a healthy basilisk or diagnose a sick unicorn with ease, though this knowledge alone gives you no power over them.
1849. Mythical Studies Mastery,3.5
#You are a master of mythical studies, the academic discipline dedicated to magical creatures and their culture, history, languages, biology and behavior. You could teach at Hogwarts without breaking a sweat, though knowing a dragon's habits does not grant you any power over it.
1850. Mythology Mastery,3.3
#You are a master of mythology, possessing extraordinary knowledge of gods, heroes, creatures, relics and rituals from countless pantheons. You instinctively recognize mythic patterns when you see them, making you invaluable to any hero trying to figure out which legend they've wandered into.
1852. Naginata Proficiency,4.6
#You are a master of the naginata, the Japanese halberd, with skill enough to deflect bullets, cleave through steel, and control the reach of every engagement. Your polearm grants you a decisive advantage over swordsmen and gives you precise control over how much damage you deal.
1853. Nail Gun Proficiency,1.9
#You are eerily skilled at wielding a nail gun as a weapon. In your hands, a construction tool becomes a surprisingly lethal close-range firearm. Nail guns still break and wear down with heavy use.
1854. Nanorobotics Mastery,4.0
#You are a master of nanorobotics, able to design, build and operate machines at the nanometer scale. Given the right facilities and materials you can construct swarms capable of performing surgery, manufacturing, reconnaissance and more.
1855. Nanotechnological Mastery,4.2
#You have achieved mastery over the field of nanotechnology. You can design, fabricate and deploy nanomachines for virtually any task, and your understanding of the discipline rivals the top researchers in any field. Takes time and resources to actually build anything.
1856. Narrow Space Maneuvering,2.0
#You are unnaturally skilled at moving and fighting in confined spaces — crowded rooms, narrow alleys, collapsed tunnels, the insides of vents. Where others would be pinned and helpless, you flow around obstacles and deliver strikes that should not be possible in such cramped quarters.
1857. Native American Mastery,4.7
#You are a master of Native American spiritual practice, with deep knowledge of the ceremonies, rites and theology of the indigenous peoples of North America. Your understanding spans shamanistic, animistic and polytheistic traditions, granting you access to rituals that can commune with spirits, heal the sick and call upon the old powers of the land.
1858. Natural Arts,4.6
#You are trained in the Natural Arts, a specialized discipline of techniques built around cultivating and channeling ecological forces. Animals, plants, elements, land and weather all respond to your trained forms, letting you augment your body or project nature's power in refined, deliberate strikes.
1861. Nature Sense,2.6
#You possess innate knowledge of the natural world. You can tell which plants are edible or poisonous at a glance, understand animal behaviour, know which areas are safe, and grasp the inner workings of volcanoes, forests and wilderness like a seasoned naturalist without ever needing to study.
1862. Navigation Mastery,3.5
#You are the ultimate navigator. You instinctively know where places, people and things are in relation to you, can map out any area in your mind, find the fastest routes, and track targets through unfamiliar terrain without ever getting lost. You need to at least know what you're looking for to find it.
1863. Necrology Mastery,3.2
#You are a master of necrology, the study of the undead. You understand the behaviour, anatomy, abilities and weaknesses of zombies, vampires, ghouls, liches and other undead creatures with the precision of a veteran monster hunter. Invaluable for identifying how to put the dead back down.
1864. Necropsy Mastery,3.3
#You are a master of necropsy and forensic pathology, able to extract the cause of death and the events leading to it from any corpse with uncanny precision. Your understanding borders on the extrasensory; you can piece together a murder from the state of a single cell. Useless if the body is destroyed beyond recognition.
1865. Needle Proficiency,2.6
#You are a master of wielding needles. You can throw them with pinpoint accuracy, conceal them in your mouth or sleeves for surprise attacks, and use them as tiny melee blades. Perfect for stealth, acupuncture strikes and killing with something no one thought was a weapon.
1866. Negation Arts,5.7
#You have trained in the Negation Arts, a specialized system of techniques built around cancelling power. You can nullify abilities, objects, actions, phenomena and even concepts, rendering them inconsequential rather than destroying them. With enough practice and patience, almost any problem can be made to simply not matter.
1870. Negative Arts,7.3
#You have trained in the Negative Arts, a specialized system of techniques built around existentially negative power. You can wield dark energies, destructive essences, inverse forces and concepts of absence with refined technique, turning negativity itself into a scalpel. Mastery deepens with study; a lack of knowledge can backfire catastrophically.
1873. Negotiation Mastery,4.3
#You are a master of negotiation, persuasion and diplomacy. You can read body language and send all the right signals without even thinking about it, finding acceptable solutions to seemingly impossible conflicts and getting the better end of any deal. You accumulate clout and influence almost effortlessly, though some people simply cannot be reasoned with.
1875. Net Gun Proficiency,1.4
#You are a master of wielding net guns as non-lethal weaponry. You know exactly how to aim, lead a target and fire a net that wraps them up cleanly every time, useful for capturing opponents alive.
1876. Nether Arts,5.4
#You have trained in the Nether Arts, a specialized martial system built around cultivating and wielding the chthonic element of nether. Your techniques span combat, defense, healing and bodily modification, all channeled through the dark essence of entropy and death. Countered by practitioners of Aether Arts.
1879. Networking Mastery,3.8
#You are a master of networking, capable of building, nurturing, and leveraging professional and personal relationships with perfect timing and technique. You just naturally know who to talk to, when, and how to turn a casual conversation into an opportunity. Excellent for spies, politicians and socialites.
1880. Neurology Mastery,3.9
#You are a master of neurology and neuroscience, capable of diagnosing, treating, and researching nerve disorders with perfect skill and technique. Your understanding of the nervous system is so complete that you can identify dysfunctions at a glance and map out treatment plans instinctively.
1881. New Year Arts,5.0
#You can wield the New Year Arts, a specialized system of techniques built around the phenomenon of the new year, allowing you to cultivate and channel new beginnings offensively, defensively, or even as healing. Lack of proper knowledge can lead to power loss or dangerous side effects.
1883. Ninjatō Proficiency,3.2
#You are a master of the ninjatō, the straight short blade carried by the shinobi of feudal Japan. You can wield its scabbard as a snorkel, an eavesdropping tool, or a stepping aid, and your strikes with the blade itself are precise and lethal. You are at a disadvantage against much longer reach.
1884. Ninjutsu Mastery,4.1
#You are a master of ninjutsu, the historic martial art of unconventional warfare, espionage, sabotage, and assassination. You are versed in the twenty disciplines of the Bujinkan and the full range of shinobi weaponry, making you one of the most dangerous infiltrators alive.
1885. Ninpo Arts,5.2
#Naruto - You can perform ninpo, the spiritual and supernatural side of ninjutsu that channels one's life-force and elemental affinities into powerful techniques. Your jutsu range from elemental attacks to summoning to illusion-craft, limited only by your training and the teacher you found.
1886. Noh Mastery,3.1
#You are a master of Noh, the classical Japanese dance-drama. Your stylized gestures can convey emotion with supernatural potency, and with the proper masks you can embody gods, ghosts and demons in a way that blurs the line between performance and reality. Your movements alone can move audiences to tears or terror.
1888. Non-Lethal Weapon Proficiency,2.3
#You are a master of non-lethal weaponry, from tasers and batons to beanbag rounds and tranquilizer darts. You can subdue opponents efficiently without killing them, making you an ideal bodyguard or peacekeeper.
1889. Noodle Combat,3.3
#One Piece - You have mastered the art of fighting with noodles. Ramen, udon, soba, or even raw pasta can be wielded as whips, binding ropes, and slicing projectiles in your hands. Ridiculous in concept, legitimately dangerous in execution.
1890. Adept Norse Paganism,3.3
#You possess a masterful understanding of Old Norse religion and mythology, knowing its gods, rituals, sagas, and cosmology as if you were born a völva. Useful for deciphering runes or impressing reenactors, and a solid foundation for any aspiring practitioner of Norse magic.
1891. Nothingness Arts,5.7
#You are trained in the Nothingness Arts, a specialized martial system built around the cultivation and manipulation of void power. You can use this skill set for offense, defense, and even healing, and strong enough practitioners may call upon Void-based entities as allies. Lack of proper knowledge can result in the arts backfiring disastrously.
1892. Nuclear Arts,5.8
#You are trained in the Nuclear Arts, a specialized system of techniques built around the cultivation and channeling of nuclear reactions. You can apply it offensively through radiant strikes, defensively through reactive barriers, or even to mend wounds by stimulating cellular regeneration, though improper form can turn a technique back on yourself.
1894. Nuclear Science,5.4
#You possess the scientific mastery to manipulate nuclear forces through formula, technology and enhancement. Unlike raw nuclear manipulation this is a precise discipline, letting you engineer devices, high-tech artifacts, and artificial augments that wield nuclear power with surgical intent. Without proper knowledge, results can turn catastrophic fast.
1896. Null Element Arts,5.8
#You have trained in the Null Elemental Arts, a specialized system of techniques built around non-elemental forces. Because null has no strengths or weaknesses against other elements, your techniques bypass elemental rock-paper-scissors entirely, offering offense, defense and healing that simply exists outside the usual rules.
1899. Numerical Precision,4.5
#You possess an instinctive mathematical awareness of the world around you. Without needing to calculate, you know the exact number of bullets in a gun, the precise angle to land a fall unharmed, the optimal trajectory of a thrown object, and the statistically best move in any situation. You cannot manipulate probability, only read and act on the variables flawlessly.
1900. Numeromancy,4.0
#Harry Potter - You can read the past, present and future through numbers and equations, using mathematical configurations as a focus for divination. By working through the right series of calculations you can divine answers to problems, though disrupted or erased numbers corrupt the reading, and unforeseen variables may throw off your predictions.
1901. Nunchaku Proficiency,2.6
#You are a master of the nunchaku, able to perform dazzling spins, flourishes and strikes with the weapon. Beyond the tricks, you can use them to disarm opponents by wrapping around joints and weapons, and strike with the whipping force of a flail. Close to Bruce Lee territory with enough training.
1902. Oar Proficiency,1.5
#You are a master of wielding oars and paddles as improbable weapons, striking with the crushing blunt force of a proper bludgeon. In the right hands, a humble rowboat becomes a weapons rack.
1903. Object Arts,4.5
#You are trained in the Object Arts, a supernatural discipline for wielding power-granting items. You can draw out effects from enchanted accessories, apparel, and weapons that ordinary users could not, though improper use may still backfire on you.
1904. Object Combat,3.6
#You have trained in an esoteric martial art that incorporates everyday objects into your combat style, allowing you to fight with and through the items around you. A broomstick in your hands becomes as dangerous as a spear, and a coffee mug becomes a grenade.
1905. Object Defense,3.2
#You are highly trained in defensive techniques that incorporate nearby objects as tools for blocking, parrying, deflecting and dodging. A book can stop a bullet in your hands, and a chair can turn a swordstrike aside.
1906. Object Surfing,2.2
#You know how to surf on any object as a means of flight, from a skateboard to a trashcan lid to a floating sword. The object can still be destroyed mid-flight, so choose your ride wisely.
1907. Object Trick Mimicry,2.1
#You can mimic the motion of objects with your body, spinning like a top, bouncing like a ball, or unwinding like a yo-yo. Fun for performance and surprisingly useful in a fight, though more extreme motions can actually injure you.
1908. Object-Less Activity,3.7
#You can perform any task or action that normally requires an object without actually having one. Screwdrive with your fingertip, sword-fight an empty-handed duel against a real blade, type on an invisible keyboard. Your imitation may not be perfect against the real thing, but it is often close enough.
1909. Ocarina Mastery,2.1
#You are a master of the ocarina, able to play any song you hear after listening to it once. Your performances are deeply moving and carry a strange wistful quality that lingers in the listener's memory.
1910. Occultism Mastery,6.6
#You are a true master of the occult in all its forms. Any school of occultism, from astrology to witchcraft to forbidden necromancy, you can learn and master with outstanding ease. You can modify existing effects to be far more potent, merge multiple schools into brand new rituals, and intuit countermeasures to most occult threats on the fly.
1911. Occultism,3.6
#You possess a deep and broad knowledge of occultism, including astrology, alchemy, divination, magic, mysticism and witchcraft. You know the rituals, the sigils, the histories, and the warnings. Some of the knowledge you possess may be forbidden for good reason, and knowing it does not necessarily mean you can safely use it.
1912. Oceanic Mysticism,4.3
#You are versed in the esoteric powers and mystical traditions of Polynesian religions. You can call upon the blessings of island gods, perform rituals rooted in Hawaiian and broader Oceanic folklore, and wield the mana of your ancestors in ways that respect and honor the old ways.
1913. Off-Surface Movement,2.3
#You can move easily and fluidly on surfaces off the ground, whether that be tree branches, poles, rooftops, or thin platforms. Your flow of movement is never interrupted by the uneven or unstable terrain, though a strong enough impact can still knock you off.
1914. Ofuda Proficiency,3.8
#You possess great skill and knowledge in wielding ofuda, the sacred talismans of Shinto and Daoist tradition. You know exactly which talisman to use for which situation, how to inscribe them properly, and how to activate them for maximum effect. In your hands a humble slip of paper becomes a potent instrument of warding, binding and blessing.
1917. Old Maid Mastery,0.4
#You are a master of Old Maid, the Victorian card game. You can read your opponents, palm cards flawlessly, and almost never end up holding the lone queen. A devastating skill if your entire enemy organization plays Old Maid.
1921. Omni-Arts,7.8
#You have access to the Omni-Arts, a specialised system of techniques representing the sum total of all supernatural arts. This lets you control virtually anything — space, time, reality, elements, energy, truth — through learned technique rather than raw power. Lack of proper knowledge can backfire badly, and users of Omni-Negation can shut it down.
1922. Omni-Gun Proficiency,6.9
#You wield a gun of unlimited power with the skill to use it properly. These firearms are of truly cosmic quality, able to strike down normally invulnerable entities and godlike beings. The catch, of course, is that such weapons usually come with instability or backlash that damages the wielder over time.
1924. Omni-Part Movement,1.4
#You can walk, run and move effortlessly on any part of your body, head, belly, knuckles, elbows, whatever the situation demands. Handstand marathons and belly-crawl races are your playground.
1928. Oneiromancy,2.7
#You can interpret dreams to divine the past, present, and future, or find guidance on a problem at hand. You need actual dreams to interpret, either your own or someone else's told to you, and the dreams often come as symbols and omens that require careful reading to understand.
1929. Onmyōdō,5.4
#You are trained in the Way of Yin and Yang, the esoteric Japanese cosmological art combining the five elements, divination, ofuda, alchemy, and the summoning and binding of shikigami. With sufficient mastery you can command paper servants, ward off spirits, and read the weave of fate itself. Vulnerable to magic negation.
1930. Opera Mastery,3.2
#You have mastered the art of opera, from bel canto to verismo. Your vocal control, breath support, and stage presence are those of a world-class performer, and you have encyclopaedic knowledge of the repertoire, libretti, and composers of the Western classical tradition. You could hold La Scala in the palm of your hand.
1933. Orchestra Mastery,3.2
#You are a master conductor and ensemble leader, able to organise dozens of instrumentalists into a single cohesive musical force. You understand every section intimately and can draw performances from an orchestra that move crowds to tears.
1939. Organic Sword Proficiency,3.8
#You are a master of wielding blades made from or infused with organic material, whether bone swords, wood katanas, or living vine-whips hardened into edges. The blade's effects shift with its composition, and some forms require extreme finesse to wield without cutting yourself.
1940. Origami Mastery,2.6
#You are a master of origami, able to flawlessly fold any paper figure in a matter of seconds regardless of complexity. Your creations are so perfect they captivate anyone who sees them, and your intuitive understanding of the craft means no fold is beyond you.
1941. Osteokinetic Claw Proficiency,3.5
#You are highly skilled in wielding bone-based claws, whether constructed purely of bone or infused with it. Your proficiency with these weapons is unmatched, though you may find yourself clumsy with other bladed weapons that lack a similar design.
1943. Osteokinetic Sword Proficiency,3.9
#You are a master swordsman with any blade made of or infused with bone. Depending on the type of bone used, the blade can carry various supernatural properties, making you deceptively lethal despite the unconventional material.
1944. Osteomancy,4.3
#You are a bone diviner, able to read the past, present and future by using bones of the deceased as a focus. Visions take time and concentration to unfold, and the futures they reveal are seldom set in stone.
1945. Ourákinetic Combat,3.3
#You know how to wield your tail as a fully integrated weapon in physical combat, whether it ends in a natural blade, a stinger, or simply a mass of coiled muscle. Requires possession of a tail to use.
1949. Paintball Gun Proficiency,1.4
#You are a master of all manner of paintball guns and markers. You can snipe targets from across a field with embarrassing accuracy, although sadly this skill doesn't really transfer to real firearms.
1950. Painting Mastery,4.0
#You are the ultimate painter, capable of perfectly rendering any visual art of great artistic and aesthetic value in any style, theme or subject, without flaw or effort. Any painting that has existed, does exist, or will ever exist, you can recreate flawlessly in a short amount of time.
1951. Pair Skating Mastery,1.6
#You are a master of pair skating, perfectly synchronized with a partner on the ice to the point that your movements look like they belong to a single person. Extremely impressive at the Olympics, somewhat less useful in a fight.
1952. Palmistry,2.3
#You are a true master of palm reading, able to glean the past, present and future of anyone whose hand you examine, or discern the solution to their problems through the lines and mounts of their skin. Visions come through the palm, so if you can't see the hand, you see nothing.
1953. Pankration Mastery,3.6
#You are a master of pankration, the ancient Greek martial art combining boxing and wrestling with brutal holds, joint locks, chokes and strikes. A practitioner of pankration is essentially an MMA fighter from antiquity, ruthless and effective in any close quarters fight.
1955. Paper Proficiency,2.0
#You are a master of wielding paper as a weapon, be it folded shuriken, flicked cards, or bare sheets turned into razor edges in your hand. Useless against fire and water, but in the right hands a single page becomes a lethal tool.
1957. Parachronics Mastery,5.4
#You are a master of parachronics, the scientific study of interdimensional travel. You understand the quantum mechanics, string theory components and navigational principles behind moving between alternate worlds, planes and timelines, able to build and navigate crossings yourself. Prolonged study risks a slow slide into corrupting madness.
1958. Paranormal Mastery,4.6
#You are a master of handling all things paranormal and supernatural, whether it be monsters, ghosts, aliens, cursed sites or eldritch mysteries. You know how to detect, understand and combat the creatures of the night, from vampires to things that shouldn't have names.
1959. Parapsychology Mastery,3.2
#You are a master of parapsychology, the scientific study of paranormal phenomena like ESP, psychokinesis and the survival of consciousness after death. You can design rigorous experiments to detect and measure psychic activity, and your intuition for the paranormal is uncanny even without powers of your own.
1963. Parasol Defense,1.8
#You can use a parasol or umbrella for defense, blocking blows, catching projectiles and deflecting attacks with surprising effectiveness. The better the parasol, the better the defense.
1964. Parasol Proficiency,2.2
#You are a master of wielding parasols and umbrellas, whether for performance, acrobatics or combat. You are naturally dexterous, agile and light on your feet, capable of making an ordinary umbrella look like a dancer's weapon.
1965. Parkour Combat,3.6
#You can weave parkour and free running into your fighting style, using walls, rails and obstacles to dodge, reposition and confuse opponents mid-fight. You rarely stand still long enough to be hit and your terrain is your best weapon.
1967. Enhanced Parkour Mastery,3.0
#You are highly proficient in parkour, the art of moving from point A to point B by the most direct route possible, vaulting, sliding, climbing and leaping over, under, through or across any obstacle in your path. You make shortcuts out of walls.
1969. Parkour Mastery,3.8
#You are a master of parkour at the peak of human capability. Any environment becomes a playground, you can vault, climb, roll and swing through complex terrain with fluid efficiency, taking the fastest route between any two points without assistive equipment. Your eye instinctively maps every ledge, rail, and gap into a viable path.
1974. Particle Physics Mastery,4.0
#You are a master of particle physics, with deep knowledge of the elementary building blocks of matter and radiation and how they interact. You understand the nature of mass, energy and matter at a level that would make you welcome at any research lab, and you can intuit particle behavior the way others do arithmetic.
1975. Party Mastery,2.2
#You are a master party planner, capable of organizing the perfect event for any occasion. You know exactly what food to serve, what music to play, what entertainers to hire, and how to decorate any venue to maximize fun. Weddings, birthdays, raves, wakes, you can throw the party of a lifetime.
1976. Peak Human Balance,2.1
#Your balance is at the absolute peak of human ability, letting you walk tightropes effortlessly, handstand on the edge of a cliff, and cross dangerous ground with grace. Still within human limits, so inhumanly difficult conditions could still make you fall, and a well-placed push can still tip you over.
1979. Peak Human Catch,2.0
#Your reflexes and grip are trained to the peak of human ability, letting you catch punches and projectiles with impressive speed. Still human, though, so truly fast attacks remain untouchable.
1980. Peak Human Chop,1.9
#Your karate chop is honed to peak human strength, letting you split stone tiles and fracture bones with the edge of your hand. A party trick until it isn't.
1981. Peak Human Headbutt,1.8
#Your skull is trained to deliver headbutts strong enough to knock people out cold and fracture bones. Just make sure your own skull can take it, or you'll be trading concussions.
1983. Enhanced Katana Proficiency,4.5
#You wield the katana with skill pushed beyond normal human ability, effortlessly flowing through classical Japanese swordsmanship styles. Your mastery extends to wakizashi, tachi, odachi, ninjato and every other curved Japanese blade. Reach disadvantages against spearmen and archers still apply.
1985. Peak Human Katana Proficiency,3.2
#Your katana skill is at the peak of realistic human mastery, letting you duel larger groups, disarm without killing, and hold your own against lethal opponents. Still firmly grounded in reality, so superhuman swordsmen will outmatch you, and losing your blade leaves you vulnerable.
1986. Peak Human Knee Strike,1.7
#Your knee strikes are honed to the absolute peak of human capability, letting you shatter ribs and drop opponents with a single drive of your leg. Muay Thai fighters weep.
1987. Peak Human Shoulder Check,2.1
#You can deliver shoulder checks and body charges at the absolute peak of what a human athlete can manage. A full-speed bash from you can send an average person flying and crack a doorframe.
1988. Peak Human Slap,2.0
#Your open-palm slap is at the peak of human capability. It won't break bone, but it will knock teeth loose, ring ears for days and put most people flat on the floor.
1990. Enhanced Swordsmanship,4.6
#Your sword is an extension of your arm. You can deflect bullets, cleave through steel and decimate large structures with a single well-placed stroke. Destroying harder materials will wear down conventional blades, and you are still most dangerous up close.
1992. Peak Human Swordsmanship,3.3
#You are a master swordsman at the absolute pinnacle of realistic human skill. You can hold your own against groups, control how much damage you deal and outclass any mundane duelist, but a genuinely superhuman blade will eventually win out.
1994. Enhanced Weapon Proficiency,4.7
#You are superhumanly proficient with every weapon imaginable, from swords and hammers to chains and sniper rifles. Any implement in your hand becomes a tool of limitless potential and you can turn mundane objects into lethal impromptu weapons with ease.
1996. Peak Human Weapon Proficiency,3.6
#You are a peak-human master of every weapon you touch, from swords and hammers to firearms. Any implement in your hands becomes a tool of limitless potential, and you can weaponize almost any object on the fly within realistic human limits.
1998. Enhanced Weapon Strike,4.2
#Your strikes with melee weapons hit far harder than they have any right to. A casual swing lands with the force of a full-strength blow, and a serious strike can shatter armor and shields outright.
2000. Peak Human Weapon Strike,3.0
#Your melee weapon strikes hit at the absolute peak of human capability. Every swing is tight, efficient and maximally forceful within realistic limits, letting you get the most out of any weapon you pick up.
2002. Pedagogy Mastery,3.8
#You are a master teacher and trainer. You instinctively know how to break down any subject, read your student's learning style and pace your instruction to maximize their growth. Martial arts, sciences, languages — you can teach anything to anyone and have them actually retain it.
2003. Peg Leg Combat,2.4
#You are fully capable of fighting with a peg leg, and have learned how to weaponize it — kicks that stab, sweeps that crush, and planted stances that are impossible to budge. If the peg leg gets broken you're in serious trouble.
2005. Penmanship Mastery,1.7
#You have mastered the art of handwriting, able to rapidly inscribe any words or symbols with stunning speed, beauty and precision no matter the size or complexity. Your signature alone is a work of art.
2006. Perching Mastery,2.2
#You can use any surface as a perch point, whether solid, unsteady or fragile. With enough training you can even perch on vertical walls or upside down like a stylish ninja.
2007. Percussion Instrument Mastery,2.1
#You are a master of drums and all percussion instruments, from the full drum kit to bongos and tambourines. Your rhythm is impeccable and your solos are legendary.
2008. Performance Art Mastery,3.5
#You are a master of the performing arts, be it acting, singing, dancing or anything else that demands a stage. You can captivate an audience with ease, slip into any role convincingly, and carry a tune that can move people to tears. Some aspects may require specific training to truly shine.
2013. Personal Alternative Medicine,4.0
#You possess your own personalized alternative medicine, a naturopathic practice of techniques, forces, or object-based rituals capable of curing and restoring others. With mastery, you can control the body in uniquely creative ways, potentially even using your practice to harm as well as heal. Certain conditions may lie outside your scope.
2015. Pest Control Mastery,2.1
#You are a master of pest control, innately knowing every technique and substance for exterminating vermin. Rats, bugs, termites, nothing escapes your expertise. Useful for exterminators and surprisingly effective when applied to larger creatures.
2016. Pharmaceutical Engineering Mastery,3.3
#You are a master of pharmaceutical engineering, able to design, synthesize and mass-produce medicines of every kind. You blend chemical engineering, biomedicine, and industrial production to create safe, potent drugs, or with the wrong intent, highly efficient poisons.
2017. Pharmacognosy Mastery,3.6
#You are a master of pharmacognosy, the study of drugs drawn from natural sources. You can identify any plant, fungus, or animal product by its medicinal or toxic properties on sight, and can brew remedies, poisons, and stimulants from whatever your kitchen or the surrounding wilderness has to offer.
2018. Pharmacology Mastery,3.8
#You have an intuitive grasp of pharmacology, understanding how any drug interacts with the body down to its molecular mechanisms. You can design new compounds, predict side effects, and calculate perfect dosages for any target. Given a lab, you could synthesize almost anything.
2019. Phenomenon Arts,7.3
#You are trained in the Phenomenon Arts, a discipline that treats observable events as techniques to be invoked. An eclipse, a chemical reaction, a magical manifestation, all can be called upon and unleashed as if they were martial forms. The deeper your knowledge of a phenomenon, the more freely you can wield it.
2022. Philosophical Mastery,4.0
#You are a master of philosophy, with an intuitive grasp of every branch from aesthetics to metaphysics to ethics. You can construct airtight arguments, spot logical fallacies at a glance, and contribute meaningfully to any philosophical discourse. Useful for persuasion, debate, and navigating moral dilemmas.
2023. Philosophy Arts,7.2
#You wield the Philosophy Arts, a system that treats doctrines and worldviews as techniques. By invoking logic, metaphysics, or ethics as active forces, you can project the weight of ideas into reality itself. Your power scales with the depth of your understanding, and a shallow grasp can cause techniques to backfire.
2026. Phobiology Mastery,2.3
#You are a walking textbook on phobias and anxiety disorders, able to recite the name, origin and symptoms of every known fear. Excellent for therapy work and for identifying exactly what is gnawing at someone, though it does nothing on its own to help you exploit or cure it.
2027. Photography Mastery,2.8
#You are a master of photography, the art of capturing durable images through light. Composition, exposure, lighting, post-processing, you execute all of it with perfect instinct. Your photos are gallery-worthy whether you're shooting a war zone or a wedding. You do still need a camera.
2028. Photokinetic Bow Proficiency,4.2
#You are a master of wielding a bow made of light, each arrow infused with photonic energy. Depending on the nature of the light, the arrows carry a variety of properties, from searing heat to blinding flashes to piercing beams. Requires both hands to wield effectively.
2030. Photokinetic Knife Proficiency,3.7
#You are highly skilled with a knife made of pure light or a dagger infused with it. The blade's properties depend on the type of light it carries, making it excellent for up-close assassinations, though it does not make you any sneakier on its own.
2031. Photokinetic Ninjutsu,4.8
#You have mastered the art of the shinobi, but woven through with light manipulation. Your shuriken shine like falling stars, your substitutions leave blinding flashes, and your espionage is accompanied by impossible flickers of illumination. Range and precision scale with both your ninja training and your photokinetic control.
2032. Photokinetic Polearm Proficiency,4.3
#You are a master of wielding a polearm made of or infused with light, combining the reach and versatility of spears and halberds with the varied properties of photons. Takes time to master but lets you dominate both melee and mid-range engagements.
2033. Photokinetic Sword Proficiency,4.5
#You are a master of wielding a sword of pure light or a blade infused with it, capable of cutting through virtually anything depending on the nature of the light used. How long the blade lasts depends on your skill and reserves.
2034. Physical Arts,5.4
#You are a practitioner of the Physical Arts, a supernatural discipline rooted in the body itself. You can increase, decrease, negate or transfer physical attributes like strength, speed and durability between yourself and others through your techniques. Requires proper knowledge to avoid dangerous feedback.
2035. Physical Attack Reversal,4.6
#You are a master of reversing physical attacks, turning your opponent's strength against them. The greater their power and skill, the more devastating your counter becomes. Special attacks and absolute attacks cannot be reversed, and failing a counter leaves you taking the full blow.
2039. Physics Mastery,3.3
#You are a master of physics in all its branches, from classical mechanics and thermodynamics to electromagnetism and quantum theory. You can discern the structure of atoms, analyze the behavior of light and radiation, and understand nearly any physical phenomenon you observe.
2040. Piano Combat,2.1
#You know how to wield a piano (or harpsichord, organ, clavichord) as a makeshift weapon with shocking effectiveness. Whether swinging the lid, ripping out keys as projectiles or outright dropping the whole thing on someone, you make it work. Pianos do break though.
2041. Piano Mastery,2.6
#You are a master of the piano and all related keyboard instruments, able to play pieces that would take lifetimes of study after just a glance at the sheet music. Your performances can move audiences to tears.
2042. Pick-Pocketing Mastery,2.8
#You are a master of pickpocketing, able to relieve anyone of their belongings without them noticing a thing. Wallets, watches, keys, even items from zipped and buttoned pockets come to you with a casual brush. They may still notice afterward though.
2043. Pickaxe Proficiency,1.5
#You know how to use a pickaxe, whether for mining through stone or caving in a skull. Pickaxes do wear down from constant use.
2046. Pillow Proficiency,1.4
#You are a master of wielding pillows as weapons. In your hands an ordinary throw pillow becomes a concussive bludgeon, and you can win any pillow fight with ease.
2047. Pinball Mastery,2.0
#You are a master of pinball, with an uncanny eye for the ball and lightning-fast flipper work. You can chain multiballs, jackpots and tilts endlessly, and your reflexes and spatial awareness carry over slightly into other tasks that reward tracking fast-moving objects.
2048. Ping Pong Mastery,2.3
#You are a master of table tennis, your paddle work, footwork and reflexes are honed to a razor's edge. You can return any serve and your spin game is enough to make pros weep.
2049. Pipe Proficiency,2.2
#You are a master of using pipe segments as weapons, swinging lead and steel tubing with lethal precision. In your hands a simple piece of plumbing becomes a brutally effective bludgeon.
2050. Piracy Mastery,3.5
#You are a master of everything piracy, from thievery and plundering to sea navigation, boarding tactics and commanding a ship and crew. You could walk onto any vessel and run it like you were born on the waves.
2051. Pizza Combat,2.4
#You are capable of incorporating pizzas into your physical combat style, using slices, whole pies and pizza boxes as weapons and tools of war. Absurd in concept but surprisingly effective in practice, though Super Eaters are your natural counter.
2052. Pizza Cutter Proficiency,1.6
#You are a master of the pizza cutter, both for its intended purpose and as a makeshift slicing weapon. You can carve a perfect eight-slice pie in one motion or send a cutter spinning like a saw blade.
2053. Pizzeria Mastery,2.1
#You are a master of running pizzerias, from menu curation and marketing to staffing, upkeep and dough fermentation schedules. Your pizzeria would become a local legend with enough time.
2054. Planar Arts,5.4
#You are trained in the Planar Arts, a system of techniques rooted in connecting to and channeling the primordial energies of different planes of existence. Through disciplined practice you can cultivate an almost unlimited pool of techniques, drawing on each plane as if you were native to it. Lack of knowledge can leave you possessed or overwhelmed.
2056. Planetary Arts,5.6
#You are trained in the Planetary Arts, a specialized system of techniques centered on manipulating planetary energy and substances. With enough training you can unlock anything from a simple boost in physical condition to reality-shaping techniques drawn from the weight of entire worlds.
2058. Planetology Mastery,3.3
#You are a master of planetology, with an innate or trained understanding of planets and celestial bodies. Their composition, ecosystems, civilizations and secrets are laid out in your mind like a textbook, although some worlds or hidden places may still resist your knowledge.
2064. Plasma Sword Proficiency,4.6
#Star Wars - You are a master of wielding swords of pure plasma or plasma-infused blades. In your hands a lightsaber becomes an extension of your body, capable of cutting through almost anything and deflecting projectiles with effortless precision.
2066. Plumbing Mastery,2.2
#You are the ultimate plumber, either through innate talent or training. Fixing pipes, drains, sinks, toilets and entire plumbing networks is trivial for you, and you can diagnose any plumbing problem at a glance. You work with perfect technique and timing, no matter how gnarly the clog.
2067. Plunger Gun Proficiency,1.3
#You are an expert in wielding plunger guns as makeshift weapons in combat. Aim, reload and trick shots all come naturally, and you can hit a target's face with a suction dart from impressive range. Mostly comedic, occasionally surprisingly effective.
2068. Plunger Proficiency,1.1
#You are a master of wielding plungers in combat, able to use a humble drain-clearing tool as a serviceable weapon. Parries, jabs and suction-based disarms are all within your repertoire. Will absolutely get you laughed at until the first hit lands.
2069. Podao Proficiency,3.7
#You are a master of the podao, a Chinese single-edged infantry polearm used in several martial arts. You wield it with exceptional speed, power and precision, carving through groups of opponents with minimal exertion and delivering strikes too accurate to counter. Your expertise is narrow to this one weapon, however.
2070. Poetry Mastery,3.8
#You are a master poet. Any verse you compose is objectively flawless in meter, imagery and emotion, hooking every listener or reader as the peak of the art form. Crowds weep, tyrants pause, lovers swoon. The pen in your hand is worth more than most swords.
2071. Pogo Stick Proficiency,1.4
#You are an absolute master of the pogo stick, using it as a mode of travel or a surprisingly effective bludgeoning weapon. You can bounce across rooftops and juggle opponents with spring-loaded precision. Still requires a pogo stick.
2073. Poison Decoding,2.7
#You can break down the chemical composition of any poison you encounter, identifying its components, effects, and potential antidotes. Invaluable for alchemists, assassins, and anyone who dabbles in both.
2076. Poisonous Needle Proficiency,3.3
#You are highly skilled in wielding poison needles, throwing them with deadly accuracy and concealing them in places your enemies would never expect. A classic shinobi's trade, refined to lethal perfection.
2079. Poker Mastery,2.2
#You are a master of poker, able to read tells, calculate odds and bluff with the best of them. You could comfortably make a living at any card table, though card counting will still get you thrown out.
2080. Pole Dancing Mastery,2.5
#You are a master of pole dancing, with the muscular endurance, flexibility and coordination to pull off climbs, inversions and acrobatic routines with grace. Equally effective as fitness, performance art, or an unexpectedly distracting combat opener.
2081. Pole Vaulting Mastery,2.3
#You are a master of pole vaulting, able to clear incredible heights using anything from a proper competition pole to an improvised spear or staff. Useful for crossing walls, gaps, and the occasional surprised opponent's head.
2082. Polearm Arts,5.4
#A supernatural martial art built around polearm techniques. From flawless spear forms to cleaving the sky with a branch used as a makeshift staff, any pole-shaped object in your hands becomes a weapon of terrifying reach and precision.
2083. Polearm Combat,4.2
#You fuse your mastery of polearms with your physical combat, weaving spear thrusts, halberd sweeps and naginata slashes seamlessly into unarmed strikes. Your reach is deadly and your footwork makes closing the distance a nightmare.
2084. Polearm Spinning,1.6
#You know how to twirl a polearm with style and purpose, whether to deflect projectiles, intimidate opponents, or simply look cool while sheathing your weapon. Mostly a flourish, occasionally a lifesaver.
2085. Police Mastery,3.5
#You have an intuitive mastery of police and law enforcement protocol, ranging from beat cop procedure to FBI and CIA operations. You know how to investigate, arrest, interrogate and coordinate with any agency as if you've served in all of them.
2086. Political Mastery,5.2
#You are a natural born politician, intuitively understanding the mechanics of any policy, political system and power dynamic. Diplomacy, statecraft and the laws of power come to you as easily as breathing, letting you climb from nobody to kingmaker within a single season.
2088. Pool Mastery,1.4
#You are a master of cue sports, from eight-ball to nine-ball to straight pool. You can read angles and English like breathing, sink the trickiest bank shots without thinking, and hustle every bar in town for drink money.
2089. Pop Culture Mastery,2.6
#You have encyclopedic knowledge of pop culture, from anime to cape comics to niche indie games. More importantly, you are genre savvy enough to recognize the conventions of the story you are in, letting you draw the right conclusions about your situation before the other shoe drops.
2090. Pop Mastery,3.2
#You are a master of pop music in all its forms, with the voice of a chart-topper, the stage presence of an idol, and the ability to play keys, guitar and drums at a professional level. Writing a catchy hook is second nature to you.
2093. Positive Arts,6.8
#You have been trained in the Positive Arts, a specialized system of techniques that channel existentially positive forces, light, creation, blessings, right-hand-path magic and more. With the right knowledge you can produce miraculous effects through these techniques, but improper use can result in power loss or dangerous backlash. Weak against Negative Forces Manipulation and Positivity Removal.
2097. Possession Arts,6.2
#You have been trained in the Possession Arts, a specialized system that teaches spiritual detachment, mental domination, physical merging and remote entity manipulation. With this training you can overtake targets body, mind or soul, whether they are living or non-living. Weak to exorcism, banishment, and possession immunity.
2100. Potential Arts,5.7
#You are a practitioner of the Potential Arts, a specialised discipline revolving around potential force. With it you can shape the latent skills and capabilities of others, accelerate or stunt a target's development, and weave techniques that manipulate what something could become. Misuse risks being overwhelmed by the very techniques you channel.
2101. Potential Energy Arts,4.8
#You have mastered the Potential Energy Arts, cultivating and channeling stored-up energy through a disciplined skillset that can be turned to attack, defence or healing. The power sleeps in every object until you call it awake.
2104. Potion Arts,4.3
#You are a practitioner of the Potion Arts, a specialized system of techniques built around supernaturally concocted mixtures. You can brew, prepare and deploy potions in all their forms, from drinkable liquids to pills, powders and even enchanted food, each made to serve a specific purpose ranging from healing and augmentation to intoxication and death.
2107. Potion Mastery,4.1
#You have innate and highly-trained mastery over the brewing and invention of potions. Whether working with the finest ingredients or the most repugnant scraps, your intuition lets you produce astonishingly effective brews, and you can tackle even the most advanced recipes with ease.
2108. Potion Proficiency,3.4
#You are a master of wielding magical potions as weapons, whether through training or innate talent. Throwing, spraying, dousing or trap-setting, you know how to turn any brew into an effective tool of combat.
2109. Potion Support,3.7
#You possess support skills enhanced by potions, allowing you to heal, buff, hinder or debuff allies and enemies with the power of magical concoctions. The ultimate alchemical backline, able to turn the tide of a fight with the right brew at the right time.
2110. Pottery Mastery,3.3
#You are the ultimate potter, possessing perfect skill, technique and timing in all things pottery. Earthenware, stoneware, porcelain, ceramic sculpture, whatever you touch becomes a masterpiece. You could throw a flawless vase blindfolded while fighting for your life.
2111. Power Mask Forging,5.4
#You possess the rare craft of forging masks that grant their wearers supernatural abilities. The nature and strength of the power depends on the materials, the rituals, and the intent you pour into the forging. A true masterwork mask could rival the artifacts of legend, though crafting one takes time and resources.
2112. Power Object Crafting,5.8
#You are a master of crafting objects that contain and channel supernatural power. Weapons, tools, crystals, accessories, instruments, anything you forge with the right materials and intent can become a vessel of power, either enhancing existing abilities or granting new ones to its wielder. The quality of the object scales with your craftsmanship and the rarity of the materials.
2113. Power Source Arts,5.6
#You are a practitioner of the Power Source Arts, a cultivation-style system that teaches you to channel the raw essence of supernatural wellsprings directly into technique. Internal or external, cosmic or symbiotic, any source you learn to tap becomes a wellspring of new abilities. Improper use can leave you possessed or overwhelmed by what you are channeling.
2114. Power Specialism,5.4
#You possess an intuitive encyclopedic understanding of superpowers, able to analyze an opponent's abilities and flaws within minutes of observation. You can dissect power structures, identify weaknesses, and even figure out how to mix or combine different abilities on the fly. Useless against those with Power Immunity.
2115. Power-Skill Mixture,6.4
#You can combine great power with impressive technical skill to perform incredible feats, fighting with efficiency that lets you keep pace with opponents beyond your raw strength level. You are not just a Raw Power bruiser or a Sheer Skill tactician, you are both woven together into a near-unstoppable force.
2116. Prank Mastery,2.6
#You are a master of pranks, capable of perfectly timed and utterly unpredictable practical jokes. You can even infuse pranks into physical combat, making you an unpredictable fighter who turns buckets of glue and banana peels into genuine threats. Doesn't work on people with a sense of humor made of stone.
2117. Prankcalling Mastery,1.1
#You are a master of prank calls, able to crack anyone up or completely unsettle them through a phone. A very niche skill, but nobody does it better than you.
2118. Prayer Wheel Proficiency,3.2
#You are a true master of the Prayer Wheel, capable of spinning the cylindrical ritual tool with supernatural speed and precision. In your hands, what is traditionally a sacred object becomes a formidable weapon, combining spiritual significance with unexpected combat utility.
2120. Preparation Time Mastery,5.7
#Given enough time to prepare, you can defeat virtually any opponent. You instinctively know what tools, traps, plans and contingencies to set up, and you make the right call almost every time. The downside is a creeping paranoia and a tendency to over-plan even trivial encounters.
2121. Preservation Mastery,3.8
#You are a master of preserving things, from your own body and mind in harsh environments to food, artifacts, buildings and endangered species. You instinctively know the right methods for any situation, whether chemical, environmental or technique-based.
2122. Pressure Arts,5.3
#You have trained in the Pressure Arts, a specialized martial system built around pressurized power. You can channel air pressure, blood pressure, hydraulic and pneumatic force, and even spatial pressure into devastating techniques. The more knowledge you have of pressure, the more forms you can wield.
2124. Pressure Point Combat,3.8
#You know how to integrate pressure point strikes into your fighting style, hitting nerve clusters to cause numbness, paralysis, or sharp agony with precise blows. Useless against armored targets or foes with unusual nervous systems.
2125. Pressure Point Mastery,5.3
#You are an absolute master of every nerve cluster and pressure point in the body. With a single precise strike you can instantly induce healing, orgasm, relaxation, paralysis, unconsciousness or death. Must be able to physically reach the points, and beings with altered nervous systems are harder to affect.
2126. Preternatural Studies Mastery,4.7
#You are a master of the preternatural, possessing an unmatched intuition for how the supernatural works, its sources, and its branches. With enough study you can influence supernatural phenomena and describe extraordinary gifts like immortality or flight, making you an invaluable researcher of the unknown.
2127. Primal Stance,1.6
#You can effortlessly adopt primal, feral stances like those of apes, big cats, or reptiles. Useful for intimidation, flexibility and adopting unorthodox martial styles, though on its own it's just body posture.
2128. Primordial Arts,7.4
#You are trained in the Primordial Arts, a specialized system of techniques built around channeling primeval power drawn from ancient deities, prehistoric energies, or the raw events of creation itself. Through proper discipline you can wield forces that would incinerate the uninitiated. Lack of knowledge leads to power loss or catastrophic backlash.
2130. Probability Arts,5.5
#You have trained in the Probability Arts, a specialized system of techniques built around bending chance. You can nudge the odds of specific events, direct fortune or misfortune toward chosen targets, and weave probabilistic effects through your fighting style. Lack of knowledge can cause the arts to backfire.
2131. Profession Mastery,4.0
#You are a master of any profession you commit to, either innately or through training. You can achieve veteran-level competency in your chosen job in a fraction of the usual time, and your intuition for its demands and techniques far surpasses the average worker in that field.
2132. Programmable Arts,5.7
#You have mastered the Programmable Arts, a set of techniques that let you modify the inherent parameters of your own powers. Where most superpowers are locked in a set form, yours can be rewritten on the fly to suit whatever situation you are in, changing how they attack, defend, or interact with reality.
2134. Programming Mastery,4.2
#You are the ultimate programmer. Any language, any paradigm, any stack, you grasp it instinctively and write flawless code at incredible speeds. You can debug by intuition, architect massive systems in your head, and reverse engineer software just by looking at it. Given enough time, there is no software problem you cannot solve.
2135. Projectile Cutting,3.2
#You can cut projectiles out of the air. Bullets, arrows, thrown blades, even the occasional energy beam if your weapon is sharp enough. Usually requires a bladed weapon, and some projectiles may be too dense or too fast to bisect cleanly.
2136. Propaganda Mastery,4.1
#You are a master of propaganda and advertisement, able to craft slogans, posters, films and speeches that bend public opinion like clay. You know exactly which emotional levers to pull, which images sear themselves into memory, and how to make an agenda feel like common sense. Loses effectiveness once the audience realizes they're being worked on.
2137. Propeller Pack Proficiency,1.9
#You are highly skilled in using propeller pack technology, back-mounted devices that let you fly via a whirling rotor. You can weave through tight spaces, conserve fuel and pull off maneuvers that would send an untrained pilot spiraling. Just remember to refuel and oil the thing.
2139. Propulsion Arts,4.5
#You have been trained in the Propulsion Arts, a specialized martial system built around expelling energy or matter to generate force. You can channel your propulsion into projected attacks, enhance your strikes and speed with explosive bursts, and maneuver in ways that defy normal locomotion. Your mastery depends on your familiarity with the element you propel.
2143. Psammokinetic Polearm Proficiency,3.7
#You are a master of wielding polearms made of pure sand, knowing instinctively how to leverage their shifting weight and grainy edges. In your hands a sand halberd becomes as deadly as any forged weapon, and you can infuse the shaft with blood for additional properties.
2144. Pseudoscience Weaponry,5.7
#(Tech)You can create and wield high-tech weaponry powered by pseudoscience, devices that perform impossible feats regardless of whether they should scientifically work. Your arsenal ranges from firearms that shouldn't fire to melee weapons that shouldn't cut, and only you truly understand how any of it functions.
2145. Psionic Arts,5.4
#You are trained in the Psionic Arts, a specialized system of mental techniques built around psychic force. Telepathy, telekinesis, empathy, extrasensory perception and more are all available to you, and with continued practice and enrichment you can push toward truly supernatural feats. Your ceiling depends entirely on your dedication to the craft.
2149. Psychological Arts,4.6
#You wield psychology as a supernatural martial discipline, analyzing neurological patterns, cultural context and behavioral cues to rewire how people think and act. With enough mastery you can talk someone into a mental breakdown or out of a suicide attempt. Requires real knowledge to wield safely.
2150. Psychological Combat,4.2
#You fight with psychology as much as fists, breaking your opponents mentally mid-fight with subliminal cues, seduction, taunting and strategic mindgames. A master troll in combat form. Useless against the truly unpredictable or those with Psychic Shields.
2152. Psychological Mastery,5.5
#You are a master psychologist, capable of reading anyone like an open book and wrapping them around your finger within moments through body language, tone and deceptive tactics. You can forge fanatical loyalty or shatter a person's sense of self with a conversation. Doesn't work on the truly indomitable.
2153. Peak Human Punch,2.0
#Your punches are honed to the absolute peak of what a human can deliver, strong enough to send a grown man through a brick wall or dent a thin metal door. Nothing supernatural, just raw trained force at the edge of human capability.
2154. Puppeteering Mastery,3.3
#You are a master of puppeteering, able to bring any marionette, doll, or string puppet to life with uncanny fluidity. In combat your puppets move with the grace of living beings, and in performance you can captivate entire crowds.
2155. Purification Arts,6.2
#You are a practitioner of the Purification Arts, a specialized discipline of techniques built around cleansed and purified power. You can heal with a touch, vanquish the corrupted, sanitize tainted lands and even ascend yourself to a refined, divine-adjacent state. Lack of proper knowledge can lead to backlash or possession.
2157. Puzzle Mastery,2.1
#You are a master of puzzles in all their forms, from rebuses to sudoku to logic puzzles to labyrinths. You can solve them with near instinctive ease and construct devious ones of your own. Great for escape rooms, mediocre in a fight.
2158. Pygakinetic Combat,2.3
#You are trained in the art of using your rear in combat, employing your posterior as ballast, shield, weapon or whatever else the situation demands. With or without supernatural enhancement, your butt is a genuine tactical asset. Some attacks may come across as very weird.
2159. Pyrokinetic Bow Proficiency,3.5
#You are a master of wielding a bow of fire, drawing arrows of flame that burn as they fly. Your accuracy, draw speed and trick shots are all at a veteran archer's level, and depending on the flame the arrows themselves may carry additional effects.
2160. Pyrokinetic Glove Proficiency,3.2
#You are a master of wielding gauntlets and gloves infused with fire, throwing punches that erupt into flame and grappling with burning hands. Without proper control you may scorch your own fingers.
2161. Pyrokinetic Katana Proficiency,3.8
#You are a master of wielding a katana made of pure flame or a blade infused with fire. Your draws, cuts and sheathing techniques are at a veteran swordsman's level, and the burning edge adds cauterizing lethality to every strike.
2162. Pyrokinetic Ninjutsu,4.6
#Naruto-ish - You are trained in the shinobi arts combined with mastery of fire, using flame for ambushes, escapes, and guerrilla warfare. Fire clones, smoke screens, and burning shuriken are all in your toolkit. Distance and precision depend on your skill and elemental reserves.
2163. Pyrokinetic Polearm Proficiency,3.4
#You are a master of wielding polearms made of pure fire or infused with flame, sweeping spears and glaives with the skill of a veteran spearman. Depending on the flame you wield, the weapon carries a variety of additional effects.
2164. Pyrokinetic Scythe Proficiency,3.6
#You are a master of wielding a scythe of pure fire or a scythe infused with flame, sweeping and reaping with the skill of a veteran reaper. The burning edge adds cauterizing lethality to every arc.
2165. Pyrokinetic Sword Proficiency,3.7
#You are a master of wielding swords made of pure flame or infused with fire, your swordsmanship at a veteran's level with the added cauterizing bite of a burning edge. Water, ice and dark-based weaponry give you trouble.
2166. Pyrotechnic Arts,4.4
#You have mastered the Pyrotechnic Arts, a specialized style built around fireworks and controlled explosions. You can signal, attack, create shapes, and stun opponents with colorful bursts of combustion, turning a traditional entertainment art into ranged combat.
2167. Pyrotechnics Mastery,3.0
#You are a master of pyrotechnics, both the art and the science. From stunning firework shows to safety matches, oxygen candles, blasting charges for mining and demolition, you know exactly how to build, time and detonate them safely.
2168. Qigong Mastery,4.5
#You are a true master of qigong, the cultivation of qi through posture, breath and meditation. You can circulate your life energy to heal wounds, soothe illness, strengthen your body in combat, and project qi outward in the form of palm strikes that hit far harder than any muscle should allow.
2169. Qinggong Mastery,4.6
#You have mastered qinggong, the Wuxia art of lightness. You can leap across rooftops, run up walls and sheer cliffs, balance on bending bamboo and swordtips, and move across water as if it were solid ground. Your body must still be fit enough to perform the feats your mind knows.
2170. Quadrupedalism,1.1
#You are as comfortable moving on all fours as you are on two legs. You can sprint, climb and maneuver in a full quadrupedal gait without hurting your joints, which is surprisingly useful for navigating rough terrain or fitting into small spaces.
2171. Quantum Arts,6.0
#You are a practitioner of the Quantum Arts, a specialized martial and mystical system built around the principles of quantum physics. Your techniques exploit interactions at the smallest scales of reality - probability, superposition, entanglement - letting you strike at the fundamental behavior of matter and energy themselves. Lacking proper knowledge can make your techniques backfire or even possess you.
2173. Quantum Ranged Weaponry,4.2
#You are trained to use ranged weapons such as bows, slingshots, guns and cannons as conduits for quantum mechanical effects, including zero-point and temporal attacks. Every shot you take carries a quantum payload, though you are useless without a weapon to shoot through.
2174. Quick-Draw Mastery,4.6
#You have absolute mastery over the art of the quick-draw, whether with gun, sword or any other weapon. You can draw and strike with such speed and perfect technique that your target cannot react before the blow lands, and you can respond to ambushes almost on reflex, unsheathing and firing in a single motion.
2175. Racing Mastery,3.0
#You are a master of racing in all its forms, from cars and motorcycles to horseback, foot races and anything else that involves crossing a finish line first. You have an innate feel for speed, line, timing and pacing, though without a vehicle or mount your mastery has limited applications.
2176. Racket Proficiency,2.2
#You are a master of wielding rackets of any kind, from tennis and badminton to squash and racquetball. You can play them professionally or swing them as makeshift weapons with startling effectiveness.
2177. Radiation Arts,5.1
#You have mastered the Radiation Arts, a specialized martial system built around radiation and radioactive materials. You can channel, shape and weaponize radiation through learned techniques, though without proper understanding these arts can turn on the user with catastrophic results.
2180. Radiation Sword Proficiency,4.1
#You are a master of wielding swords made of or infused with radiation. Your every slash carries radioactive effect along with the edge, whether it be searing, withering or simply deadly. Weaker blades may require constant focus to maintain their form.
2183. Rail Grinding,0.6
#You can grind along rails, wires and other thin surfaces like a skateboarder without falling off, and switch between rails mid-grind. Useful for getting around the city in style, not much else.
2184. Rail Walking,0.5
#You can walk, balance and even run along wires, ropes, rails and other narrow surfaces as surely as if they were solid ground. Tightrope walking is second nature to you.
2185. Railgun Proficiency,2.8
#You are a master of wielding railguns and similar electromagnetic linear-motor weapons, able to aim and fire them with lethal precision. Devastating in the right hands, though useless against anyone with supernatural reflexes or aim-dodging.
2186. Rain Dance,2.3
#You know the rituals of the rain dance, a weather-modification ceremony that invokes rainfall through movement and rhythm. Performed properly it can summon a downpour, but improper technique yields nothing or worse, and you are exposed and vulnerable while dancing.
2188. Rake Proficiency,1.6
#You are a master of wielding a rake in combat, turning a humble gardening tool into a surprisingly effective weapon. Teeth down for raking, teeth up for bludgeoning.
2189. Rakugo Mastery,2.6
#You are a master of rakugo, the Japanese art of solo comedic storytelling. With only a fan and a cloth, you can voice multiple characters flawlessly and captivate any audience, making them laugh, cry, or hang on your every word.
2190. Ranged Weapon Proficiency,5.2
#You possess superhuman mastery over every kind of ranged weapon, from primitive slings to alien railguns. Any weapon used at a distance becomes devastatingly accurate in your hands, and you can even turn melee weapons and small objects into impromptu ranged weaponry. You still aren't perfect though, fast enough targets can dodge and hard enough surfaces can block.
2191. Rapier Proficiency,3.0
#You are a master of the rapier and the art of fencing, wielding the thin blade with lethal precision. Your thrusts are swift, your parries elegant, and your footwork leaves opponents chasing shadows.
2192. Rappelling Mastery,1.9
#You are a master of rappelling, capable of descending walls, cliffs, and structures with ease and confidence. You still need rope and some basic gear, but you won't fall unless you get really careless.
2193. Rapping Mastery,2.7
#You are a master rapper, capable of spitting flawless verses at incredible speeds with impeccable rhyme schemes. Your lyrics hook anyone that hears them, and you can replicate any rap song instantly. A mic drop from you is a cultural event.
2194. Ratchet Proficiency,1.5
#You can wield a ratchet as a makeshift weapon with surprising effectiveness, or use it for its actual mechanical purpose. Tighten bolts, crack skulls, whichever the situation demands.
2195. Rave Dancing Mastery,1.4
#You are a master of rave dancing, able to lose yourself in the beat and freestyle with incredible flair. Great for clubs and festivals, basically useless in a fight.
2196. Razor Proficiency,1.6
#You are a master of wielding razors, whether for grooming or as makeshift weapons. Straight razors feel like an extension of your hand and you can do surprisingly vicious things with one in a pinch.
2197. Razor Whip Proficiency,3.3
#You are a master of wielding razor whips, bladed whips either tipped with a blade or lined with sharp edges. In your hands these weapons lacerate targets at blinding speeds and incredible range, making you devastating in an open arena.
2198. Reaction Mastery,4.8
#You are a master of reactions, always making the right move at the right moment, whether in combat, conversation, or crisis. This works on a purely instinctual level, your body will respond optimally before your conscious mind catches up. You can still make mistakes, but far fewer than anyone has any right to.
2199. Reading Mastery,3.5
#You are a master of reading, able to absorb books at impossible speeds and perfectly retain everything you read. You can clear an entire library in an afternoon and recall every page, pronounce any word in any language, and read and write fluently in scripts you've never encountered before. Understanding what the words actually mean is a separate problem.
2200. Reality Arts,7.4
#You can utilize the Reality Arts, a specialized system of techniques built around existential power. With focus and training, you can hone control over the fabric of reality into precise, practiced techniques, each one learned and mastered like a martial form. Without discipline, the power runs wild and can devastate anything from yourself to an entire universe.
2204. Recoil Proficiency,2.6
#You have an instinctive mastery over using recoil to your advantage, turning the kick of a shotgun into a jetpack, or using the backswing of a heavy weapon to reposition mid-combat. An extremely efficient movement technique for those who can stomach the bruises.
2205. Reconnaissance Mastery,3.6
#You are a master of reconnaissance, capable of scouting enemy positions, mapping terrain, and gathering information on civil activities within an operational area with the efficiency of an elite special forces scout. You instinctively know where to look and what to look for.
2206. Record Scratching Mastery,1.4
#You are a master turntablist, able to produce impossibly complex percussive and rhythmic sounds from a vinyl record. Wikka wikka wikka. Extremely impressive at parties, less so in a fight.
2209. Reinforcement Arts,5.2
#You are trained in the Reinforcement Arts, a specialized martial discipline centered on hardening and strengthening. You can pour energy into objects or your own body to make them tougher, sharper, and more resilient, and with mastery you can even reinforce the ground beneath your feet into a fortress.
2210. Religion Mastery,3.6
#You have an intuitive mastery of every form of faith, belief, and religion, understanding sacred rituals, mythology, scripture, and theology at the deepest level. You can see through religious manipulation, clarify the truth behind parables, and can never be fooled by someone twisting a holy text against you.
2211. Remote Arts,5.0
#You are trained in the Remote Arts, a specialized discipline of techniques designed to project power across distance. Whatever abilities you possess, psionic, magical, spiritual or otherwise, you can extend them far beyond close quarters. The further your reach, the more skill it demands.
2212. Remote Proficiency,1.4
#You are innately a master of wielding remote controls, joysticks and game controllers. You never fumble a TV remote again, win most fighting game matches at the arcade, and handle RC vehicles with uncanny precision. Still needs batteries though.
2213. Repeating Crossbow Proficiency,3.0
#You are a master of the repeating crossbow, able to unleash rapid bolts with pinpoint accuracy as if you had trained with one your entire life. Handles chu-ko-nu and modern auto-crossbows with equal ease, though you still need your hands and eyes to aim effectively.
2214. Repeating Gun Proficiency,3.1
#You possess innate mastery over all forms of repeating firearms, from lever-actions to automatics. Loading, aiming, reloading and maintenance all come as naturally to you as breathing.
2215. Replication Arts,5.5
#You are a practitioner of the Replication Arts, a martial discipline centered on duplication. You can create copies of yourself, your attacks or even others, and with enough mastery replicate the powers of those around you. Lack of proper knowledge of the arts can lead to dangerous miscasts.
2218. Rescue Mastery,3.5
#You are the ultimate rescuer. Whether it's pulling someone out of a burning building, disarming a hostage situation, or finding a path through an avalanche, you automatically know the best solution with perfect skill, technique and timing. People in danger could not hope for a better responder.
2219. Researching Mastery,3.6
#You are a master researcher. Whether the subject is hard science, ancient history, or the darkest corners of the occult, you can structure and execute research with a creativity and rigor that leaves academics looking like amateurs. Nothing stays hidden from you for long.
2220. Restaurant Mastery,3.3
#You are the ultimate restaurateur, a master of every facet of running a restaurant from cooking and menu design to advertising, customer service, staff management and upkeep. Any eatery you run practically prints money and earns glowing reviews.
2222. Retractable Bow Proficiency,3.3
#You have incredible skill with a built-in bow that expands and retracts on command. Whether it's built into your arm, your armor, or summoned from somewhere stranger, you can draw and loose it as naturally as breathing.
2223. Retractable Gun Proficiency,3.5
#You have incredible skill with a built-in gun that expands and retracts on command. Drawn and stowed faster than any holster could manage, letting you snap from unarmed to aimed in a single motion.
2224. Retractable Helmet Proficiency,3.1
#You are incredibly skilled with a built-in helmet that can expand and retract, partially or fully, on command. Useful as both armor and improvised weapon, snapping closed around your head the instant danger presents itself.
2225. Retractable Shield Proficiency,3.4
#You have incredible skill with a built-in shield that expands and retracts on command. Whether it's a bracer, an arm plate, or something stranger, you can deploy it in a heartbeat and tuck it away just as fast.
2226. Retractable Spear Proficiency,3.4
#You have incredible skill with a built-in spear that expands and retracts on command. Short range one moment, long reach the next, with a flick of the wrist to extend your kill zone.
2227. Retractable Staff Proficiency,3.6
#You have incredible skill with a built-in staff that expands and retracts on command. If the staff possesses magical properties, you can channel arcane energy through it for spells, incantations and wards, making it both a weapon and a focus.
2228. Retractable Suit Proficiency,3.7
#You are incredibly skilled with a built-in suit that expands and retracts on command, either partially or fully covering your body. You can deploy a full set of armor in an instant and tuck it back away when you want to blend into a crowd.
2229. Retractable Sword Proficiency,3.5
#You have incredible skill with a built-in sword that expands and retracts on command. Draw a full-length blade from a bracer, a cane or your own body in a single motion, then vanish it just as quickly.
2231. Revenge Mastery,3.8
#You are a master of enacting revenge, possessing an intuitive grasp on how to craft the perfect retribution for any slight against you. From subtle social ruin to full-on murder, you always know the right angle to approach the problem from, and your indomitable spite will drive you until the deed is done. Karma may still come for you afterward.
2232. Reverse Grip Mastery,3.1
#You are a master of wielding weapons in a reverse grip, particularly bladed weapons. Your unconventional stance makes your attacks hard to read and opens up strikes that a normal grip could never deliver. Favored by assassins and showy swordsmen alike, though your defense suffers slightly for it.
2233. Reverse-Engineering Mastery,4.6
#You are the ultimate reverse engineer, able to deconstruct any artificial object and understand its designs, architecture and inner workings perfectly. Given a functioning example you can replicate any piece of technology, although actually building a replica still takes time, tools and materials appropriate to its complexity.
2234. Reversi Mastery,0.9
#You are a master of reversi, able to flip the board in your favor against almost any opponent. Impressive at tournaments, mostly useless in a fight.
2235. Revolver Proficiency,2.6
#You are a master of the revolver, able to fire with pin-point accuracy and even wield multiple at once in a flurry of precise shots. Your reload is faster than most people can draw, and you can pull off trick shots that modern shooters would consider impossible. Still limited by outdated ammo capacity.
2236. Rhetoric Mastery,4.6
#You are a master of rhetoric and eloquence, capable of articulating, explaining, persuading and manipulating anyone with flawless precision. Given enough time you could change anyone's views on any subject, and in a crowd you are a spark that can start revolutions. Doesn't work on those with Indomitable Will far beyond your own.
2238. Ribbon Stick Proficiency,2.8
#You are a master of the ribbon stick, able to use its flowing motion to confuse opponents, obscure your movements and guide their attacks astray. Combined with acrobatic skills it becomes a surprisingly effective combat tool, particularly for controlling a battlefield.
2239. Riddle Mastery,3.9
#You are a master of riddles, puns, innuendos and puzzles, able to both craft and solve them with extraordinary lateral thinking. You naturally view people and situations as puzzles to be dissected, giving you enormous potential as a detective, escapologist, hacker or strategic planner.
2240. Riders Aptitude,4.1
#You are a master of the art of riding, able to instinctively understand the behaviors of any animal no matter how simple or complex, mundane or magical. You can tame even wild cryptids, demonic beasts and sacred creatures into becoming your mount, and once bonded you ride them as naturally as walking.
2241. Riders Arts,5.2
#You are a practitioner of the Riders Arts, a specialized combat system built around fighting while mounted. When synchronized with your mount, whether beast or vehicle, you can unleash techniques far beyond what a solo warrior could achieve, coordinating your abilities with theirs in a unified assault. Without a mount you lose most of its benefits.
2242. Rifle Proficiency,3.2
#You are a master of rifles and long-barreled firearms. Any rifle you pick up feels like an extension of yourself, and your aim is bullseye-accurate at any range the weapon is rated for. Does not grant super vision or anti-material feats beyond what the gun itself can do.
2244. Ring Proficiency,2.3
#You are a master of using rings as weapons and tools, from throwing chakrams to ring-based martial arts. Any ring-shaped weapon feels natural in your hand.
2247. Ritualistic Arts,5.4
#You have trained in the Ritualistic Arts, a supernatural discipline built around the regular observance of rites. Through ceremonial practice you gain access to conjuration, divination, evocation, and invocation, and your body and soul are attuned to ritual power. Careless practice may leave you possessed or overwhelmed by what you call upon.
2248. Rock Climbing Mastery,2.3
#You are a master of rock climbing, able to scale walls and cliffs with peak human strength, stamina and grip. You can spot handholds at a glance and know your way around safety gear and ropes.
2249. Rock Mastery,2.9
#You are a master of rock music, from shredding on guitar to screaming into a mic to pounding drums. You can form a band, write bangers, and command a crowd like a true rockstar. Whether you get famous is up to you.
2250. Rock Paper Scissors Mastery,3.2
#You are the ultimate rock paper scissors player, with perfect timing, technique and reading ability. You will win any fair game of janken, and can even weaponize the three gestures in combat. Cheaters may still give you trouble.
2251. Rocket Boot Proficiency,2.7
#You are highly proficient with rocket boots, able to fly, hover and maneuver with them as if you were born wearing them. Does not come with the boots themselves; you still have to find a pair.
2252. Rocket Thruster Proficiency,2.8
#You have great skill in using rocket thrusters for flight, hovering, long distance leaps and using them as weapons. You can pull off maneuvers with a thruster pack that would kill anyone else. Still vulnerable to running out of fuel mid-air.
2253. Rocket Weapon Proficiency,3.1
#You are a master of rocket weaponry, from shoulder-fired launchers to guided missile systems. You can lock on faster, aim truer, and squeeze more destruction out of any rocket-based armament than any normal operator.
2255. Rod Proficiency,3.1
#You are a master of wielding rods in close quarters combat, able to use any staff, bar or pole with incredible skill. If the rod holds magical properties, you can channel its arcane energies to cast spells and repel mystical forces.
2256. Rodeo Mastery,2.2
#You are a master of rodeo, able to ride bucking broncos, rope steers and wrangle livestock with peerless cowboy skill. Comes with a natural feel for horses and cattle. Yeehaw.
2257. Roller Skating Mastery,1.6
#You are a master of roller skating, capable of pulling off jaw-dropping tricks, speed-skating routines, and using skates as a graceful and efficient method of transportation. Requires skates to actually use.
2259. Rolling Pin Proficiency,1.1
#You are a master of the humble rolling pin, whether for baking the finest pastries or caving in the skull of an intruder who thought the kitchen was a safe place to corner you.
2260. Rope Proficiency,2.9
#You are a master of ropes and all they can do, from hunting and bridge making to boating, netting, lassoing and basket weaving. You can also use Hojojutsu, the Japanese art of binding prisoners with rope, making you a master of both knotting and the garrote.
2261. Rotary Machine Gun Proficiency,3.2
#You have exceptional proficiency with rotary machine guns, Gatling-style weapons firing thousands of rounds per minute. What you gain in firepower you lose in accuracy and ammo conservation, and you will need Enhanced Strength to even carry one without a mount.
2262. Rotational Arts,5.5
#You can utilize the Rotational Arts, a specialized system of techniques built around gyrational power. From the spinning of atoms to the turning of storms, rotation is a fundamental force, and you can harness it through trained techniques for specialized effects. Lack of knowledge can lead to disaster or power loss.
2263. Rubber Band Proficiency,1.5
#You are deeply skilled with rubber bands, able to use them for their intended purposes or as makeshift weapons with surprising accuracy and effectiveness. A desk prank king and an unexpectedly dangerous opponent in an office setting.
2265. Rube Goldberg Mastery,3.4
#You are a master of Rube Goldberg machines, able to set up absurdly complex chain reactions to accomplish simple tasks. Your intuition for domino effects, cascading triggers and unlikely trajectories makes you terrifying in any environment you have had time to prepare.
2266. Rugby Mastery,2.8
#You are a master of rugby, with perfect instincts for lateral passes, dribbling, kicking and tackling. You can dominate any field you step onto, and your physical conditioning and tackling prowess carry over surprisingly well into actual combat.
2267. Ruler Proficiency,1.4
#You are a master of wielding rulers as makeshift weapons. A schoolyard terror with a 30cm plastic edge, capable of flicking, jabbing and parrying with a precision nobody saw coming from a piece of stationery.
2268. Peak Running,1.6
#You can run faster and for longer than a normal human without crossing into the supernatural. Think Olympic sprinter stamina fused with marathon-runner endurance, still firmly within what a real person could theoretically achieve.
2269. Ruyi Jingu Bang Proficiency,5.7
#Journey to the West - You are a master of wielding the Ruyi Jingu Bang, the legendary staff of Sun Wukong that changes size at its master's command. You can grow it into a sky-piercing column or shrink it to a needle with a thought, striking from impossible ranges with unmatched speed. You may need some connection to the Monkey King himself for the staff to truly answer you.
2270. Sabotage Mastery,4.7
#You are a master of sabotage in all its forms, with an innate understanding of how systems, whether mechanical, social, institutional or personal, can be quietly dismantled from within. You can detect the exact pressure point of any operation, introduce just the right error or seed of mistrust, and walk away before anyone realises the collapse has already begun.
2271. Sabre Arts,5.2
#You have access to the Sabre Arts, a supernatural martial system built around the curved blade. Practitioners can perform feats ranging from simple lightning-fast cuts to slicing through the heavens themselves with nothing more than a tree branch, provided they have the knowledge of the technique in question.
2272. Sabre Proficiency,2.9
#You are a master of wielding sabres, including scimitars, dao, shamshir and cutlasses. Any curved single-edged blade feels like an extension of your arm, and your footwork and slashing rhythm are honed to a level that normally takes decades of training.
2273. Sacrificial Arts,5.4
#You are trained in the oblational arts, able to offer up property, blood, flesh, or living beings in exchange for supernatural favor. The bigger the sacrifice, the greater the boon, ranging from physical enhancements to miracles. Improper knowledge can result in power loss or possession by whatever you were bargaining with.
2274. Safecracking Mastery,2.9
#You are a supernatural master of safecracking, able to open any safe or vault regardless of the complexity of the locking mechanism. Combination dials seem to click beneath your fingers and electronic locks reveal themselves to your intuition. May still require basic tools.
2275. Sage Arts,6.2
#Naruto - You are trained in Senjutsu, the mystical arts said to guide one toward becoming a Xian. By drawing natural energy from your surroundings into yourself you gain tremendous physical enhancements, sensory perception, and the ability to use Sage-mode techniques. Mastery tied to the arts of Qigong, Neidan, and Daoyin.
2276. Sai Proficiency,2.3
#You are a master of wielding the Sai, the three-pronged ninja truncheon. You can disarm blades, parry strikes, and deliver rapid piercing attacks with either hand. With time you may also apply this mastery to the Jutte.
2277. Samba Mastery,1.9
#You are a master of samba, able to move with incredible rhythm, syncopated footwork and hip action that would stun professional dancers. Great for parties, carnivals, and charming the occasional target.
2278. Sambo Mastery,3.3
#You have complete mastery over Sambo, the Soviet martial art combining judo, wrestling and brutal submission grappling. Your takedowns, joint locks and ground control are world-class, making you a nightmare in any close-range fight.
2282. Sandboarding Mastery,1.1
#You are a master of sandboarding, capable of pulling off incredible tricks and descents on any dune. Unfortunately there are not many dunes around to show off on.
2283. Sanshou Mastery,3.8
#You are a master of sanshou, the Chinese kickboxing art that blends full-contact striking with wrestling. You can rapidly chain punches and kicks together with takedowns, throws, sweeps, elbows, and knees, catching kicks and turning them into devastating counters.
2284. Sarcasm Mastery,2.1
#You are a master of sarcasm, brevity, and irony, capable of delivering witty remarks and biting insults that crumble an opponent's confidence or get deep under their skin. Completely useless against people who don't get sarcasm, and sometimes your targets take the jabs too seriously.
2285. Sasquatch Combat,3.5
#You are a master of a brutal fighting style that incorporates the raw power and primal savagery of a sasquatch. Heavy, ground-shaking strikes, grappling with monstrous strength, and intimidating roars are all part of your arsenal.
2286. Savate Mastery,4.2
#You are a master of savate, the French martial art that blends elegant kickboxing with the refined technique of English boxing. Your kicks are crisp, graceful and devastating, and you can dance circles around brawlers while delivering precise, bone-breaking blows.
2287. Saw Proficiency,3.6
#You are a master of wielding saws as weapons, whether handsaws, chainsaws, buzzsaw gauntlets or serrated blades. You demonstrate terrifying power, speed and raw savagery, able to decapitate foes, saw through their weapons and carve through concrete with ease. Keep a safe distance from your own blade.
2288. Saxophone Mastery,3.0
#You are a master of the saxophone and all its variants - alto, tenor, baritone, soprano. Your playing is smooth, soulful and capable of drawing any crowd into a reverent silence or an ecstatic frenzy. Perfect for any smoky jazz bar or haunted anime opening.
2289. Scalpel Proficiency,2.3
#You are highly proficient with scalpels, whether for surgery, dissection, or as a vicious close-range weapon. Your cuts are precise enough to sever tendons or arteries with minimal effort.
2290. Scam Artistry,5.4
#You are the ultimate scammer, capable of conning anyone out of anything through lies, trickery and misdirection with perfect skill and timing. With enough audacity you could even scam a god out of their authority, though the truly wise may see through you.
2291. Scatology Mastery,1.5
#You are a master of studying digestive waste, able to determine a person's diet, health and history from their droppings. Disgusting to most but genuinely invaluable for doctors, anthropologists and trackers.
2292. Sceptre Proficiency,2.8
#You are skilled in wielding magic sceptres, whether as a spell focus or as a bludgeoning weapon. Spells channelled through your sceptre are more potent, though your general weapon proficiency may suffer.
2293. Scheming Mastery,5.0
#You have intuitive mastery over scheming, conspiracies and plots. You can instantly understand the mechanics of any plot laid before you and formulate underhanded plans that leave no trace, giving you enormous leverage in any political or social situation.
2294. School Weaponry Proficiency,2.4
#You are a master of wielding school utilities as weapons, turning rulers, pencils, scissors and pens into lethal tools. Your pencils fly like bullets and your scissors cut tendons, though you are much stronger on offense than defense.
2296. Science Mastery,5.4
#You are a master of science and all its fields, possessing intuitive polymathic understanding of every discipline from biology to quantum physics. You can conduct experiments, run calculations, and innovate inventions at a level that would leave normal scientists speechless. Given time and resources, mass production and new sciences are trivial to you.
2297. Science-Magic Mastery,5.8
#You are a master of both science and magic and the intersection between them, intuitively understanding how spells interact with circuitry, how potions respond to catalysts, how mana alters chemistry. This mastery makes you one of the most versatile practitioners in any realm that contains both disciplines.
2298. Scientific Arts,5.1
#You practice the Scientific Arts, a specialised system of combat and utility techniques rooted in scientific disciplines. You can channel chemistry into strikes, mathematics into evasion, and biology into healing, turning experimentation itself into a martial practice. Lack of knowledge can cause your techniques to backfire dangerously.
2300. Scissor Arts,4.6
#You are a practitioner of the Scissor Arts, a supernatural discipline of techniques built around scissor-based power. With enough mastery you can perform feats ranging from simple snips to slicing the heavens in half with a mere tree branch.
2302. Scissors Proficiency,3.3
#You wield scissors as a melee weapon with supernatural accuracy and mastery, as deadly as any swordsman with a blade. You can slice steel, deflect projectiles, and even disconnect the scissors at the joint to dual-wield them as twin blades.
2303. Scooter Mastery,1.4
#You are a master of riding scooters, manual and electric alike. Every curb is a ramp, every hill is a race, and nobody is beating you in a Lime-rental drift contest.
2304. Screw Proficiency,2.3
#You are a master of wielding screws and bolts as weapons, turning humble hardware into deadly projectiles and melee tools with supernatural accuracy.
2306. Scroll Proficiency,2.4
#You are a master at wielding scrolls as weapons, whether as whips, shields, or bludgeons. Scrolls are still made of paper though, so expect them to burn and tear if you are reckless.
2307. Sculpting Mastery,3.5
#You are a master sculptor, able to carve, mold and shape any material into flawless works of art in a fraction of the time it would take a normal artisan. Every chip of the chisel lands perfectly, and no sculpture you attempt comes out wrong.
2308. Scythe Proficiency,3.3
#You are a master of the scythe, a weapon most warriors find clumsy and unwieldy. The heavy curved blade feels weightless in your hands, and you can reap enemies as effortlessly as a farmer harvests wheat, turning an awkward farming tool into a terrifying instrument of death.
2309. Sealing Arts,5.5
#Naruto - You are a practitioner of the Sealing Arts, a precise and scholarly system of techniques for confining power into symbols and vessels. Every seal you draw must be exact, every placement deliberate, but the payoff is immense - with enough study you could seal a tailed beast into a newborn.
2311. Sealing Sword Proficiency,4.3
#You are a master of wielding swords made of or infused with seals, capable of cutting down targets while simultaneously locking away their powers, movements, or essence. The sword's versatility depends entirely on the kinds of seals you know.
2312. Security Mastery,4.2
#You are the ultimate security expert, able to protect any person or object with flawless technique, construct and repair any security system, and penetrate any security you come across. Your skill with locks, alarms, cameras, and protocols is beyond any professional in the field.
2314. Selenomancy,3.2
#You are skilled in the art of moon divination, using lunar energies as a focus to see visions of the past, present and future. Your insights are sharper on full moon nights and useless during the new moon, and not every vision is guaranteed to come to pass.
2315. Self-Hypnosis,3.4
#You are capable of inducing a hypnotic state upon yourself, unlocking unique mental and physical capabilities and buried knowledge while under its effects. Difficult to learn and often requires some form of sensory stimulation or medium to trigger, but offers surprising depth for those who master it.
2316. Self-Trance Inducement,1.9
#You can put yourself into a trance state between sleep and wakefulness, letting you lock in on a single task with unshakable focus. May require specific triggers like sounds, phrases or self-hypnosis to enter.
2317. Sense Focusing,2.7
#You can focus your senses onto a single specific sight, sound, smell, taste or feel, blocking out everything else to hone in on what matters. While locked in, you are extremely vulnerable to anything sneaking up on you from outside your focus.
2318. Senseless Activity,3.6
#You can fight, move and act with full competence even when every one of your five senses is stripped away. Blind, deaf, numb and unable to smell or taste, you still carry yourself through a battlefield as if nothing is wrong. Your body knows where to go even when your mind has nothing to tell it.
2319. Sensory Arts,4.8
#You are trained in the Sensory Arts, a specialised system of techniques built around perception. You can freely develop and apply enhanced senses, perceive intangible aspects like body heat, electrical fields or the passage of time, and even cultivate supernatural awareness abilities. Lack of proper technique can result in dangerous backlash.
2321. Sentient Arts,5.8
#You are trained in the Sentient Arts, a specialized discipline of techniques built around harnessing intelligent sources of supernatural power. Rather than forcing your will onto a power, you bond with it, and in return it lends you vitality and adaptive capabilities. Requires deep trust, and improper knowledge or a poor bond can lead to power loss or accidental possession.
2322. Sentient Sword Proficiency,5.4
#You are a master at wielding intelligent and sentient swords, either through your own training or because the blade itself shares its centuries of mastery with you, instantly making you a master swordsman. A corrupt blade may try to corrupt you or even kill you if provoked, and breaking the blade can weaken or kill the sentience inside.
2323. Seven-Branched Sword Proficiency,3.3
#You are a master of wielding the shichishitō, the seven-branched sword of legend. You instinctively understand how to use its unusual prongs to catch, redirect and disarm opponents, turning a weapon most would find unwieldy into a deadly tool of combat.
2324. Sewing Mastery,3.2
#You are the ultimate sewer. Clothes, tools, tapestries and accessories flow from your hands with perfect technique, zero flaws and remarkable speed. Anything that can be stitched, you can stitch flawlessly, and complex garments that would take normal tailors weeks take you hours.
2325. Sex Appeal Combat,3.6
#(Nsfw) You have mastered the art of weaponizing your sex appeal in a fight, using seductive movement, suggestive strikes and overwhelming allure to throw opponents off balance and break their focus. Effective against anyone who isn't immune or asexual, though some targets may prove stubbornly resistant.
2326. Sexual Mastery,3.3
#(Nsfw) You are a master of inducing sexual gratification in any partner. Every touch, rhythm and word is precisely calibrated to drive the other person to ecstasy, regardless of their preferences or experience. Useless against those with seduction immunity or apathy, and you may personally loathe the partners you're obligated to please.
2327. Shamanism Arts,4.1
#You are trained in the Shamanism Arts, a set of techniques that let you enter trances, channel spirits, and broker pacts between the living world and the spirit realm. With drumming, prayer or ritual you can heal, divine the future, or call upon spirits for aid. Improper rites can backfire catastrophically.
2330. Shamanism Mastery,6.8
#You are a master of shamanism in all its forms, able to perceive the workings of spirits and ceremonies with effortless clarity. Any school of shamanism can be learned in days rather than decades, and you can freely modify, merge and invent new rites on the fly. Your intuition for countermeasures against rival shamans is near-prophetic.
2331. Shamisen Mastery,2.1
#You are a master of the shamisen, the three-stringed traditional Japanese instrument. Your playing carries deep emotional weight and technical precision, capable of captivating an audience or setting a haunting mood for any occasion.
2332. Shaolin Kung Fu Mastery,4.6
#You are a master of Shaolin Kung Fu, one of the oldest and most storied martial arts traditions in the world. You possess incredible discipline, body control, and a vast repertoire of strikes, stances and forms refined over centuries at the Shaolin monasteries. Your strength, speed and endurance are honed to the peak of what disciplined training can offer.
2334. Shawm Mastery,1.1
#You are a master of the shawm, a medieval double-reed woodwind instrument. Renaissance fair crowds will love you, nobody else will know what you're holding.
2335. Sheathed Blade Proficiency,4.2
#You are so skilled with a bladed weapon that you do not need to draw it from its sheath to cut or stab your target. Your opponents will wonder how they got sliced open while your sword was clearly still at your hip.
2336. Sheer Skill,7.4
#You transcend the limits of raw power through pure mastery and technique. You can overpower opponents vastly stronger than you, block intangible attacks with a perfectly timed parry, and craft objects so flawlessly they surpass their material limitations. Your feats look impossible because by any sensible metric they should be.
2338. Shell Proficiency,2.1
#You are highly proficient at using animal shells as weapons, whether they be turtle shells, snail shells or bivalves. You can chuck a Koopa shell with deadly accuracy and parry with a clam like it's a buckler.
2339. Shield Blade Proficiency,3.6
#You are a master of the shield blade, an unconventional sword with a wide flattened blade that doubles as a shield. You can parry, bash and slash all in one motion, though the weapon's weight is considerable for anyone without enhanced strength.
2341. Shield Flail Proficiency,3.4
#You are skilled at weaponizing a tether-linked shield that doubles as a flail. You can block incoming attacks and swing the same shield at mid-range targets like a pendulum of doom, whipping it back to your hand whenever needed.
2342. Shield Proficiency,3.2
#You are a master of the shield, able to wield any shape of it with incredible defense and counter-attack capability. You can bludgeon with the flat, slice with the edge if it's bladed, and redirect attacks into deadly openings. Still vulnerable from behind.
2343. Shield Surfing,1.3
#You can use a shield as a board to ride on, sliding down slopes and grinding across surfaces with impressive balance. Works best with a slope and a sturdy shield.
2344. Shield Throwing Mastery,3.8
#You are a master of shield throwing, hurling your shield like a ranged weapon with unerring accuracy. With training you can control its trajectory mid-flight, bounce it between multiple targets and call it back to your hand like a boomerang.
2345. Shintoism Mastery,3.2
#You have a complete scholarly and spiritual command of Shinto, the polytheistic veneration of kami. You know the rites, the myths, the proper offerings, and the names of jingi beyond counting. Without actual spiritual power this is purely knowledge, but for anyone walking a mystic path it is an invaluable foundation.
2346. Shogi Mastery,2.3
#You are a master of shogi, Japanese chess. Whether trained or innate, you can read the board several moves ahead, hold your own against professional kishi, and eventually claim titles of your own with enough patience and practice.
2347. Short Spear Proficiency,2.6
#You are a master of the short spear, a stabbing weapon roughly knife-length built on a haft like the Zulu iklwa. You can close range faster than a full spearman and strike with precise lethal thrusts that a longer weapon could never manage in tight quarters.
2348. Short Sword Proficiency,2.8
#You are a master of the short sword, whether shoto, gladius, or court sword. In close-range combat you are a deadly fighter, delivering blinding thrusts, quick slashes, and precise parries with finesse that makes longer weapons clumsy by comparison.
2349. Shot Put Mastery,1.6
#You have complete mastery of shot put, able to launch a heavy spherical ball farther than any Olympic record-holder. Great at track meets and throwing heavy things at people, considerably less useful without an actual shot to put.
2350. Shotgun Proficiency,2.7
#You are a master of shotguns, handling pump-actions, semi-autos, and break-actions with practiced ease. You know exactly which shell is right for the job, tame the recoil effortlessly, and in close quarters there are few things deadlier than you with a scattergun in hand.
2351. Shoulder-Mounted Gun Proficiency,2.9
#You are a master of shoulder-mounted guns, from bazookas and recoilless rifles to sci-fi pauldron cannons. You brace, aim, and fire with effortless precision, handling a class of weapon most people can barely stand under.
2352. Shovel Proficiency,2.1
#You are a master of the shovel, whether digging a foxhole in minutes or swinging a sharpened spade in close combat like a Spetsnaz veteran. The handle might give out before the head does, but as a bludgeon it will serve you faithfully until the very end.
2353. Showmanship Mastery,3.9
#You have a complete mastery of showmanship, able to turn any action, no matter how mundane, into a display of flair, glamour, and style. Watchers are amazed, opponents are intimidated, and even your failures look intentional. Occasionally you hurt yourself doing something too cool.
2354. Shrunken Head Proficiency,3.6
#You are skilled in the esoteric craft of creating shrunken heads, and in the right verses those heads become vessels for the spirits of their former owners, granting you dominion over the dead. The practice is taboo or outright outlawed in most civilized places, and magic systems with laws of exchange may demand a price for the power gained.
2355. Shuffleboard Mastery,0.3
#You are a master of shuffleboard, capable of sending those weighted discs gliding down the court with uncanny precision. The retirement home circuit trembles before you.
2356. Shuriken Proficiency,2.7
#You have an aerodynamic intuition for the way of the shuriken, able to send them flying with deadly precision and hit multiple targets in a single throw without missing. You still need to actually carry the things with you though, and a decent shield will stop most of them cold.
2357. Sickle Proficiency,2.8
#You are a master of the sickle, that humble curved farming blade, capable of wielding it in combat with lethal grace. You can dual wield them, attach them to chains for kusarigama-style combat, or even throw them like boomerangs, and you are of course quite adept at harvesting grain.
2358. Sickle Throwing Mastery,3.1
#You are a master of throwing sickles as ranged weapons, turning a close-quarters blade into a deadly projectile. With enough skill you can curve their flight paths or call them back like a boomerang, which is handy because otherwise you are going to run out of sickles quickly.
2361. Siege Warfare Mastery,4.5
#You are a master of siege warfare, capable of surrounding, isolating, and grinding down any fortified location through starvation, disease, sapping, and psychological pressure. Your grasp of logistics, tunneling, siege engines, and attrition strategy is beyond any mortal general, and you can just as skillfully defend a fortress as break one.
2362. Sign Language Mastery,1.4
#You are a master of sign language, fluently communicating through gestures with those who cannot hear or speak. Completely useless if your hands are tied.
2363. Silat Mastery,3.9
#You are a master of silat, the Indonesian martial art family that blends vicious strikes, joint manipulation, and weapon work into one fluid fighting style. Your movements are deceptively smooth and your strikes land with precision at every range.
2364. Silk Arts,4.6
#You are trained in the Silk Arts, a supernatural discipline of metáxikinetic techniques focused on the cultivation and manipulation of silk and webbing. You can weave strands for offense, defense or even healing, binding wounds shut or wrapping opponents in inescapable cocoons. Improper technique can leave you ensnared in your own work.
2366. Simmering Mastery,2.0
#You are a complete master of simmering, able to coax the deepest flavor from any broth, stew or sauce with inhuman intuition for heat and time. Your cooking pot is a battlefield and you never lose. Less useful outside the kitchen.
2367. Singing Mastery,3.2
#You are a master vocalist, with perfect pitch, flawless breath control, and the kind of voice that can move a stadium to tears or silence. Innate talent backs up thousands of hours of practice, and you can adapt to any genre with ease. You still need to warm up, and prolonged overuse can strain even your throat.
2368. Sitting Combat,3.8
#You are capable of fighting at a terrifying level while sitting, kneeling, or bowing, never needing to stand up to take down opponents. Your strikes, parries, and counters all flow naturally from your seated posture, and you can maintain composure through even the most chaotic of brawls without rising.
2369. Size Arts,5.1
#You have trained in the Size Arts, a specialized martial system built around size manipulation. You can grow or shrink swiftly and fluidly, and your strength, speed and agility translate cleanly across every scale, allowing for surprise attacks, evasions, and techniques impossible for fixed-size fighters. Lack of proper training can cause power loss or dangerous miscalculations.
2372. Size Science,5.1
#You are a master of the super science of size, capable of constructing devices, serums and formulas that can expand or shrink matter at will. Given enough time and resources you could replicate Pym Particles, build a shrink ray, or turn an ant into a kaiju. Requires years of research and lab work to produce anything meaningful.
2373. Skate Combat,3.3
#You are a master of combining roller or ice skates with combat, creating a fluid and near unpredictable fighting style that mixes momentum, spins and blade work. Your skates essentially become extensions of your legs, letting you kick, slash and pivot in ways normal fighters cannot. Rendered useless if your skates are destroyed.
2374. Skateboard Combat,3.2
#You are a master at combining skateboarding with combat, turning your board into both a vehicle and a weapon. You can ollie off an opponent's face, grind along a sword's edge, and use kickflips to launch devastating strikes. Rendered useless if your skateboard is destroyed.
2375. Skateboarding Mastery,2.4
#You are a master of skateboarding, capable of performing any trick you have ever seen and inventing new ones on the fly. You treat any urban environment as a personal skatepark and your sense of balance and board control is unmatched. Requires an actual skateboard for usage.
2376. Skating Mastery,2.6
#You are a master of all forms of skating, from roller skates to ice skates to skateboards. You can glide, pivot and carve across any suitable surface with exceptional grace, excelling at every recreational and competitive form of the sport.
2377. Skewer Proficiency,1.4
#You are a master of using skewers, whether for cooking delicious kebabs or for jamming them into an opponent's throat in a pinch. In your hands a simple bamboo stick becomes a surprisingly lethal improvised weapon.
2378. Skiing Mastery,2.1
#You are a master of skiing, capable of gliding down any slope with perfect control and performing incredible stunts on the way down. Whether as transportation or sport, no one can match you on the snow. Requires the proper equipment and an actual slope.
2380. Skydiving Mastery,2.0
#You are a master of skydiving and parachuting, controlling your descent from any altitude with perfect precision. You can pull off stunts and landings that would kill ordinary jumpers, though a torn parachute will still ruin your day.
2381. Slavic Mastery,3.1
#You are a master of Slavic paganism and mythology, with intuitive knowledge of its gods, spirits, rites and lore. Your understanding allows you to identify, negotiate with and counter entities from that pantheon with ease.
2382. Slayer Arts,5.2
#You are trained in the Slayer Arts, a specialized combat system built to counter and kill specific types of creatures. Your techniques can repel, negate the powers of, or outright slay your chosen prey, but the arts are largely useless against anything outside their intended target group.
2384. Slayer Sword Proficiency,5.1
#You are a master swordsman specifically trained to wield blades of pure slayer force. Your technique is honed around killing a particular type of creature and your strikes carry the slayer power of your sword, making every cut a lethal answer to their nature.
2385. Slaying Mastery,5.7
#You are the ultimate monster hunter. You innately know how to track, trap and kill supernatural creatures, with perfect technique and timing against anything you hunt. Your combat instincts, knowledge of monster weaknesses and detection of the unnatural are all at a level that would make veteran hunters look like amateurs.
2386. Sleep Combat,3.6
#You can fight while asleep or unconscious, your body moving on pure instinct and muscle memory. Great against enemies who try to predict your attacks, although you may end up swinging at allies if they happen to be in range.
2387. Sleight of Hand Mastery,3.0
#You are a master of sleight of hand, your fingers deft enough to palm cards, lift wallets and swap objects right in front of someone's eyes without them noticing. Invaluable for deception, thievery and stage magic alike.
2388. Sliding Attack,2.1
#You can slide across the ground while attacking, closing distance on enemies fast and low. Less effective on terrain without a smooth surface to slide on.
2389. Sliding Combat,2.3
#You are proficient in using sliding as the core of your fighting style, incorporating slide kicks, sliding dodges and low-angle strikes into a flowing combat approach. Limited by the surfaces you can actually slide on.
2390. Sliding Defense,2.2
#You defend yourself by sliding out of harm's way, using low slides to duck attacks and reposition. Effective against melee and projectiles alike, as long as the ground cooperates.
2392. Sling Proficiency,1.6
#You are a master of the humble sling, capable of hurling blunt projectiles with deadly accuracy. An unassuming weapon, but in your hands a rock becomes a bullet. Bad weather and close quarters are your main weaknesses.
2393. Slingshot Proficiency,1.9
#You have an incredible aptitude with the slingshot, able to launch multiple pieces of ammunition at once, reload with blinding speed and even use the slingshot as a melee weapon. An underestimated talent that turns a toy into a weapon.
2395. Smoke Bomb Proficiency,2.3
#You are incredibly skilled at using smoke bombs, pellets and grenades, knowing exactly when and where to throw them for the best distraction, escape or tactical advantage. Of course you still need to carry them.
2397. Sniper Rifle Proficiency,3.6
#You are a master sniper, capable of landing impossible shots across vast distances with any sniper rifle placed in your hands. You know the inner workings of every variant and can assemble, maintain, and diagnose them blind. Close-range engagements are still a weakness.
2400. Snowball Proficiency,1.4
#You are a master of snowball warfare, capable of packing, aiming, and launching snowballs with uncanny accuracy and force. You will never lose a schoolyard snowball fight again.
2401. Snowboarding Mastery,2.1
#You are a master snowboarder, capable of carving down any slope with grace, landing tricks that would break lesser riders, and reading terrain at a glance. Requires an actual slope and snow to be of any use.
2403. Soccer Ball Proficiency,0.4
#You are unusually proficient with a soccer ball, whether kicking it into a goal or bouncing it off someone's head. Without a ball, this skill is useless.
2404. Soccer Combat,3.2
#You can fuse soccer and combat into a single art form, using the ball as a weapon, sports rules as traps, and footwork as martial technique. A well-placed penalty kick can break bones.
2405. Soccer Mastery,2.6
#You are a master of soccer, with footwork, ball control and field awareness that would make you a world-class player. Outside the pitch, it mostly means you kick really hard and really accurately.
2406. Sociability Mastery,3.8
#You are a master of socializing, capable of winning people over in any situation from funerals to barfights. Your charisma and likability are well beyond the norm, and you can slot into almost any social setting without friction.
2407. Social Dance Mastery,2.1
#You are a master of social dance, from ballroom to salsa to whatever the kids are doing this decade. You can lead or follow any partner through any style with grace and make them look good doing it.
2408. Sociology Mastery,5.4
#You are a master sociologist, able to read group dynamics, sense internal hierarchies, and intuit individual motivations at a glance. You can take a room full of people prone to infighting and have them working together in minutes, and can engineer cultural shifts through careful nudges. Apathetic or criminal minds are harder to move.
2409. Sock Weaponry Proficiency,0.6
#You are unusually skilled at wielding a sock filled with hard objects such as coins, soap, or batteries as a makeshift bludgeon. Cheap, deniable, and surprisingly effective in a pinch.
2412. Solar Sword Proficiency,4.1
#You are a master swordsman when wielding a blade forged of solar energy or a sword infused with sunlight. How long the blade lasts depends on your skill and power, and some forms require near-constant concentration to maintain.
2414. Solid Maneuverability,3.0
#You can move with perfect grace across any solid surface, no matter the angle - vertical walls, upside-down ceilings, uneven terrain. Running, climbing, swinging, sliding, balancing, all effortless, so long as you stay in contact with something solid.
2415. Solid Surface Combat,3.2
#You can fight with full expert proficiency while running, sliding, climbing, or flipping across any solid surface, regardless of angle or terrain. Walls, ceilings, uneven ground - it doesn't matter as long as your feet touch something solid. Loses all effectiveness mid-air or underwater.
2416. Solidarity Mastery,4.1
#You have an inborn gift for unifying people, even bitter rivals and complete strangers. You instinctively read the needs and vulnerabilities of those around you and know exactly what to say or do to bring them together under a common cause. Your generosity is its own reward and your presence alone tends to build lasting bonds between those around you.
2417. Sonography,1.9
#You can read printed text by feeling the impressions of ink on a page with your fingertips. Useful if you are blind or in the dark, but laminated pages and unusual scripts can defeat you entirely.
2419. Sorcery,4.6
#You are a sorcerer, capable of evoking and bargaining with spirits, demons, angels, gods, and other ethereal entities to borrow their power. Through pacts and rituals you can gain supernatural knowledge, curses, blessings, and a wide variety of magical effects. Dealing with otherworldly beings is dangerous, and a careless sorcerer tends to meet a very bad end.
2422. Space Combat,3.3
#You are a master of combat in zero-gravity environments, intuitively understanding how Newton's laws apply when every movement sends you drifting. You can fight gracefully in the vacuum of space, though you'll still need a way to actually survive out there.
2423. Adept Space Warfare,4.4
#You are proficient in the doctrine and execution of space warfare, either from innate instinct or rigorous training. You understand orbital mechanics in combat, zero-gravity boarding actions, fleet tactics, and the quirks of fighting in environments where every exhale is a maneuver. If humanity ever takes the war to the stars, you are built for it.
2424. Space-Time Arts,6.8
#You are trained in the Space-Time Arts, a specialized discipline of techniques built around the space-time continuum. Practitioners can perform feats ranging from simple teleportation to genuine reality warping, though lack of proper knowledge can lead to power loss, dangerous effects, or even being overwhelmed and possessed by the techniques themselves.
2426. Spacecraft Mastery,4.2
#Star Wars - You are a master pilot behind the controls of any spacecraft, renowned for your combat prowess and uncanny ability to outrun, outmaneuver and outgun rival vessels. You can navigate asteroid fields, nebulae and planetary atmospheres with equal ease, but outside of the cockpit you are just a normal person, and your ship can still take damage.
2429. Spatial Perception,2.1
#You have an exact instinctive sense for distance, dimensions and proportions, able to tell how far away something is and the precise measurements of any object's length, width and height just by looking. Very handy for engineers, snipers and parallel parkers, less so for sensing things hidden by Spatiolock.
2430. Spatial Sword Proficiency,5.2
#You are a master of wielding blades forged from pure spatial energy, or of swords infused and coated with it. Every strike cuts through distance itself, severing targets at ranges the blade should never reach. May require a hilt to channel the blade, and careless swings can wound the wielder.
2433. Spatula Proficiency,0.8
#You are a master of the spatula, whether for its intended culinary purpose or as an improvised weapon. You can flip an egg without breaking the yolk and crack a skull with the same motion. Spatulas, unfortunately, break.
2434. Speaker Combat,3.1
#You integrate speakers into your physical combat, blasting enemies away with focused soundwaves, rupturing eardrums mid-punch, or using sub-bass pulses to stagger opponents. Your fighting style essentially turns every brawl into a very aggressive concert.
2435. Spear Combat,3.8
#You fuse supernatural mastery of spears with your physical combat style. Every thrust, sweep and guard flows with inhuman precision, and your reach lets you dominate entire engagement ranges. The countless spear style flows through you.
2436. Special Effects Mastery,2.8
#You are a master of special effects, every illusion and visual trick the entertainment industry has to offer. From practical pyrotechnics to digital compositing, you can fake almost anything convincingly. A true movie-magic professional.
2437. Special Operations Mastery,5.4
#You are superhumanly skilled in every form of special operations — counterintelligence, black propaganda, guerrilla warfare, assassination, close target reconnaissance, unconventional warfare and more. You can invent entirely new tactical doctrines on the fly, though without enhanced physicals, a bullet still kills you.
2441. Speculation Mastery,3.6
#You are a master of financial speculation, able to read short-term market fluctuations with uncanny precision. Every trade you make tends toward profit, and wealth accumulates around you like it has nowhere better to be.
2442. Speed Arts,5.5
#You are a practitioner of Speed Arts, a specialized discipline of techniques built around movement. At the basic level you move at super-speed, and at mastery you can traverse time itself. Lack of proper knowledge can lead to dangerous backlash or outright power loss.
2446. Speed Perception,2.8
#You can perceive and track high-speed objects at a normal rate, allowing you to follow bullets, dodging projectiles, or reading the label on a thrown can mid-air. With practice you can even gauge exact velocities at a glance.
2447. Spell Blades,4.4
#You are proficient at using bladed weapons as conduits for spellcasting, either channeling spells through the edge as you swing, or enchanting the blade itself with long-lasting magical effects. The blade is a necessary medium, without one in hand this skill is mostly useless.
2448. Spell Casting Mastery,6.5
#You are a master of spell casting in all of its forms, able to cast with absolute precision and efficiency. Incantations, rituals, and other traditional requirements no longer bind you as you can cast complex magic with just a thought and a whisper. Your casting speed and accuracy are unmatched among mortal mages.
2449. Spider Riders Aptitude,2.1
#You are a master of riding spiders of any size, from garden orb-weavers to giant mounts. You know how to guide them, command them and ride along their webs without falling. Niche but undeniably cool if you can find a spider big enough.
2450. Spider-Fu Mastery,5.2
#Marvel - You are a master of Spider-Fu, a martial art designed for those with the traits of a spider. You incorporate multiple limbs, webs, wall-crawling and venomous strikes into a flowing combat style that turns the battlefield into your web. Requires spider-like physiology to utilize at full potential.
2451. Spine Combat,3.2
#You are skilled at using quills and spines as combat weapons, both in melee and as projectiles. You can fire them with pinpoint accuracy and integrate them seamlessly into your fighting style. Works best with a power that gives you a steady supply of spines.
2452. Spinning Combat,3.6
#You are skilled at using spinning and rotational motion throughout your combat, incorporating flips, cartwheels, twists and pirouettes into both offense and defense. Your movements are unpredictable and you generate extra force from every rotation, though excessive spinning may leave you dizzy.
2453. Spinning Evasion,2.3
#You are able to avoid attacks by spinning your body out of their way, twisting around blows and bullets with rotational grace. Overuse may leave you dizzy.
2454. Spinning Piledriver,2.8
#Naruto - You can grab your opponent, leap into the air, spin rapidly and slam them headfirst into the ground with devastating force. A classic wrestling and ninjutsu finisher executed with technical perfection.
2455. Spinning Throw,1.9
#You are able to grab your opponent, spin them around and release them with enough force to send them flying far further than a regular throw. The faster you spin, the greater the distance, but you may end up dizzier than your target.
2456. Spinning Top Game Mastery,1.4
#Beyblade - You are a master of games involving spinning tops, from beyblades to dreidels. You know every trick, every launch technique and every winning strategy. Niche, but invaluable in the tournament scene.
2457. Spiritual Arts,5.1
#Bleach - You are trained in the Spiritual Arts, a specialized system of techniques based on manipulating ethereal essence and souls rather than mystical mana. Through these arts you can manifest combat skill, physical enhancement, healing and other supernatural feats, though lack of knowledge can backfire dangerously.
2458. Spiritual Bow Proficiency,4.7
#Bleach - You are a master of the spiritual bow, able to wield bows infused with spiritual energy or arrows manifested from your very soul. You can reshape the weapon on the fly, adjusting its draw, range and form to adapt to any combat situation.
2461. Spiritual Flame Sword Proficiency,4.6
#You are a master of wielding blades made of or coated in spiritual flame. The fire cuts through both body and soul, and its properties shift depending on the nature of the flame. Requires finesse to avoid burning yourself, and water, ice and dark-based opponents are rough matchups.
2462. Spiritual Gun Proficiency,4.8
#Yu Yu Hakusho - You are a master of wielding guns infused with or manifested from spiritual energy. Since the gun is part of your soul, you can reshape its form and properties mid-fight, adapting your rounds and frame to whatever the situation requires.
2463. Spiritual Katana Proficiency,5.2
#Bleach - You are a master of wielding a spiritual katana, a zanpakutō manifested from your own soul. Since the blade is part of you, you can reshape its form and properties as you fight, and its edge cuts both body and spirit with equal ease.
2464. Spiritual Knife Proficiency,4.3
#You are a master of wielding knives and daggers infused with or manifested from your soul. The blade can shift its form and properties mid-fight, adapting to the situation. Switching to a full-sized sword would throw off your technique entirely.
2465. Spiritual Meditation,4.2
#You have achieved oneness with your spiritual essence and mind. You can enter deep meditative states to reduce stress, control bodily processes, manifest new abilities and refine old ones. With enough time in this state you may even achieve enlightenment, and with it full mastery of everything you can do.
2466. Spiritual Sword Proficiency,4.6
#You are a master of wielding spiritual swords, blades infused with or manifested from soul energy. Because spiritual energy is unbound by ordinary elemental limitations, you can reshape the blade mid-combat to adapt to any situation, changing its length, edge or properties to match your needs.
2467. Spiritual Weapon Proficiency,5.4
#You are a flawless master of every spiritual weapon there is, was and ever will be. From soul-forged swords to life-force sniper rifles to astral chains, you can wield any spiritual armament with effortless perfection. You may not know every fighting style, just how to use the weapon correctly, but that alone puts you leagues above any conventional weapon master.
2469. Spoon Combat,2.8
#You have mastered the bizarre art of fighting with spoons, turning the humble utensil into a deadly weapon through technique alone. You can parry blades, gouge eyes and disarm opponents with nothing but a soup spoon in each hand.
2470. Spoon Proficiency,1.7
#You are a master of the spoon, whether for eating soup with uncanny grace or beating someone half to death with a ladle. In your hands, any spoon becomes a legitimate weapon.
2471. Sport Arts,4.2
#You have trained in the Sport Arts, a supernatural class of martial practices built around sports and sporting equipment. Through this training you vastly outperform any mundane athlete, turning soccer kicks into cannon blasts and tennis serves into sonic booms.
2473. Sports Equipment Proficiency,3.1
#You are a master of wielding sports equipment as weapons. Baseball bats, golf clubs, hockey sticks, tennis rackets, even the balls themselves become deadly in your hands, whether bludgeoning at close range or launched as projectiles.
2474. Spray Gun Proficiency,1.9
#You are a master of every kind of spray gun, from airbrushes to bug sprayers. You can paint masterpieces in seconds or unleash precisely targeted chemical streams as a makeshift weapon.
2475. Spray Paint Proficiency,2.0
#You are a master of using spray paint as a makeshift weapon, able to blind foes with precise eye-shots, tag any surface into disorienting artwork, or ignite it into a jet of flame with a lighter. You can still run out, though.
2476. Stacking Mastery,1.6
#You are a master of stacking objects, able to balance impossibly precarious towers of cups, stones, coins, or anything else with intuitive precision. Great for parties and physics-defying decor, largely useless in combat.
2477. Staff Combat,3.2
#You can infuse your staff work with physical combat seamlessly, turning every swing, block and thrust into a flowing dance of strikes. Does not translate to other weapons, and struggles against those immune to magic.
2478. Supernatural Staff Proficiency,5.4
#Your mastery of the staff borders on the impossible. You can shatter the air with a swing, rend mountains with a thrust, block arrows you cannot see, and turn a simple walking stick into a weapon capable of leveling landmasses. Being disarmed leaves you badly exposed.
2479. Staff Proficiency,3.0
#You are a master of wielding staves, quarterstaffs, and bo in close combat. If the staff has magical properties you can channel arcane energy through it for spells and incantations, though your skill does not carry over to other polearms.
2480. Staff Spinning,1.6
#You can spin your staff with impressive flair, useful for deflecting attacks, looking cool, or stylishly sheathing it after a fight. Works best with a staff you are familiar with.
2481. Stage Magic,2.6
#You are a master of stage magic, performing tricks, sleight of hand, illusions and escape acts with flawless presentation. Against true magic users you are mostly outmatched, but a good magician never reveals their secrets.
2483. Stance-Based Combat,4.5
#You are a master of unorthodox and irregular stances, thriving on unpredictability. Your postures look awkward, unbalanced, even nonsensical at first glance, but each is carefully calculated to mask your intentions and create openings no traditional style would allow. Skilled opponents may adapt given enough time.
2484. Status Mastery,4.2
#You have an intuitive mastery over status and hierarchy. You instinctively understand how any social or political structure works and how to climb it, always saying the right thing, sending the right signals, and making the right call. Within months you could be running any organisation you walked into.
2485. Stealth Arts,4.8
#You are a practitioner of the Stealth Arts, a specialised set of techniques built around concealment, misdirection and silent takedowns. You can walk through guarded areas unseen, escape lethal attacks using decoys, and with training even mask your own power level and aura from supernatural detection.
2486. Stealth Combat,4.4
#You can seamlessly combine stealth with physical combat, striking opponents before they even know you are there, weaving around them unseen, and exploiting every lapse in their attention. Most effective when you have not yet been spotted, but still dangerous once the fight goes loud.
2487. Stealth/Enhanced,3.6
#Your skill in stealth is so refined that on the rare occasions anyone does spot you, they dismiss it as a trick of the light. You can move through the most guarded areas in near-total discretion, though since this is not supernatural, the truly perceptive can still catch you.
2488. Stealth,2.6
#You have peak human stealth ability, allowing you to move quickly and quietly through most environments. You can scale walls, hide in shadows, blend into crowds, and gather information in hostile territory with the best of any human professional. Still firmly within human limits, so you can be spotted.
2489. Stellar Arts,5.4
#You are a practitioner of the Stellar Arts, a specialized system of techniques that channels stellar essence and may call upon cosmic entities. You can conjure stellar elements, empower your body supernaturally, and access stellar materials. Improper use may leave you overwhelmed or possessed.
2491. Stereobatics,2.2
#You can perform aerobatic-style stunts on any solid surface as if gravity were merely a suggestion. Loops, corkscrews, barrel rolls, upside-down sprints, and figure tracings are all second nature as long as you have something solid to move on. Does not work in air or water.
2492. Stick Proficiency,1.6
#You can wield any stick you find as a makeshift weapon with surprising effectiveness. A branch off the ground becomes a competent bludgeon in your hands. Sticks are still fragile and burn easily.
2493. Stick-Fighting Mastery,4.0
#You are a master of stick-fighting in all its forms, from bōjutsu to kali and escrima. Any stick-like weapon, whether a cane, staff, baton, or walking stick, becomes a blur of deadly strikes in your hands. Your mastery extends to improvised sticks of any length or weight.
2494. Stiletto Proficiency,2.8
#You are a master of the stiletto, the thin Italian knife designed for piercing. Your strikes find the gaps in armour and the vital points of the body with unnerving precision. Does not enhance your stealth beyond the killing blow itself, and larger blades feel awkward in your hand.
2495. Stilt Walking Intuition,1.1
#You can walk, run and even jump on stilts of any length with ease. Circus performers eat their hearts out. Still requires focus and stamina though, and a careless moment can still send you toppling.
2496. Stink Bomb Proficiency,0.6
#You are unreasonably skilled at deploying stink bombs. You know exactly how to cook them, where to place them and when to throw them for maximum social devastation. You are not, however, immune to your own creations.
2497. Stone Proficiency,2.2
#You are a master of wielding rocks and stones in close-quarters combat. A palm-sized pebble in your hand does the work of a warhammer, and you instinctively know how to grip, throw and swing any rock you pick up for maximum blunt force trauma.
2498. Street Dance Mastery,2.3
#You are a master of every form of street dance, from breakdancing and popping to locking, krumping and waacking. Your body moves with rhythm and finesse that translates surprisingly well into dodging, footwork and acrobatics in a fight.
2501. Strong Force Arts,6.3
#You have trained in a supernatural martial system built around the strong nuclear force. Through precise technique you can bind or shatter subatomic particles, trigger localized nuclear reactions, and manipulate the very glue that holds matter together. Improper use can violently unmake both your target and yourself.
2503. Stun Grenade Proficiency,2.4
#You are a master at using stun grenades and flashbangs. You know the exact moment to cook one, the perfect angle for a bank throw, and you can always place them so enemies are disoriented and allies are unaffected. You also seem unnaturally resistant to the flash and bang yourself.
2504. Stuntmanship Mastery,3.7
#You can perform any stunt you have seen or learned, the kind of absurd feats that normally require wires, padding, and months of preparation. Leaping between rooftops, sliding under moving trucks, catching yourself on a ledge with one hand, you do it all on instinct. Still dangerous if you push past what your body can survive.
2505. Style Intuition,3.6
#You are stylish without even trying. You dress well, speak well, move well, and act well, sending exactly the right signals with perfect flair. Whether you are walking into a boardroom, a bar, or a battlefield, you look cool doing it and people can't help but notice.
2506. Submachine Gun Proficiency,2.3
#You possess great proficiency with submachine guns, knowing how to handle them in close-quarters engagements, how to control their recoil and how to swap mags on the move. Constant reloading is still a vulnerability you'll have to manage.
2507. Subtle Body Arts,4.8
#You have studied the subtle body arts, a specialized system of techniques built around the ethereal strata of the self — the astral form, etheric body, chakras and meridians. Through them you can channel life-force, spiritual energy and pure thought into practical techniques, opening an entire new axis of existence to train within.
2509. Summoning Arts,5.4
#You are a practitioner of the Summoning Arts, a specialized discipline of calling forth entities, spirits, demons, angels, gods, beasts, through ritual and supernatural contract. You know how to bind, control and draw power from your summons, and your contracts let you manifest combat prowess, healing, and energy manipulation based on the nature of who you call upon.
2512. Sumo Wrestling Mastery,3.5
#You are a master of sumo wrestling, with the heavy build, low center of gravity, and striking power to back it up. While practiced as a sport, in your hands it becomes a devastating combat style built on overwhelming mass, grip strength, and bone-shaking palm strikes.
2513. Super Ball Proficiency,2.1
#You are a master of using super balls as weapons, those small rubber balls that bounce at absurd heights and speeds. With enough skill, a single throw can ricochet through a room and strike a dozen targets before returning to your hand.
2515. Superhero & Supervillain Studies Mastery,3.8
#You are a master of cataloguing superheroes and supervillains, researching their behaviors, abilities, weaknesses, and anatomies. Give you a few minutes of observation and you can produce a full dossier on any costumed individual you witness in action.
2516. Superior Biology Mastery,4.2
#You are a master of superior biology, studying the anatomy, abilities, and weaknesses of superpowered beings with scientific precision. Given enough samples and observation, you can identify the root cause of nearly any power, along with the most efficient ways to neutralize it.
2517. Supernatural Arts Mastery,6.5
#Innately or through training, you are a master of the supernatural in all its myriad forms. You perceive and understand esoteric phenomena like no other, learn any school of the supernatural with outstanding ease, and can merge effects into more potent ones or invent your own trump card techniques. Achieving such mastery still takes time and exposure.
2518. Supernatural Arts,4.0
#You practice a supernatural art, an esoteric class of technique built around a particular paranormal phenomenon like spiritual power, elemental forces, demonic essence, divine essence, mystical arts or psychic power. Through specialized training you can unlock anything from enhanced physical conditioning to large-scale reality-affecting techniques. Lack of proper knowledge can cause power loss or dangerous misfires.
2519. Supernatural Climbing,2.2
#You are a master climber, able to scale walls, trees and cliffs with inhuman grace using the smallest of handholds. You cannot climb completely smooth surfaces or walk upside down, but anything with a ledge, crack or seam is essentially a staircase to you.
2520. Supernatural Cooking,4.1
#You can prepare dishes infused with supernatural properties, creating pies that grant temporary superhuman abilities, coffees that heal wounds, candies sweeter than anything natural and meals that buff or curse whoever eats them. Still takes time and ingredients, and the effects can be unpredictable without careful study.
2521. Supernatural Dancing,3.3
#You dance with impossible grace, balance and flexibility, blending tango, hip-hop, ballet and cultural styles seamlessly. In combat you can weave attacks into your choreography, turning each step into a strike and each spin into a dodge.
2522. Supernatural Designing,4.5
#Your designing skills are on a supernatural level, letting you plan, conceive and arrange elements to form objects, processes or systems with speed and variety far beyond mortal capacity. With enough training you can even design things that transcend the physical, like spells, concepts and dreams.
2523. Supernatural Exploration,4.7
#You are the perfect adventurer, capable of exploring otherworldly places that would kill a normal person in minutes. You have instinctive knowledge of strange lands, can improvise strategies against unknown threats and survive environments that defy physics. You are not invincible, just extraordinarily prepared.
2524. Supernatural Fashion Design,4.5
#You possess supernatural proficiency in designing clothing, using materials physical, mental, spiritual, magical or even abstract. Your designs can grant superpowers, function as armor, disguise the wearer or carry curses and blessings, all produced at incredible speed.
2525. Supernatural Martial Arts,5.7
#You practice martial arts that incorporate supernatural phenomena directly into their techniques. Strikes can channel elemental force, stances can bend space around you, and with enough training you can develop your own style that no ordinary martial artist could replicate. Mastery depends on finding the right teacher and the dedication to train, and half-learned techniques can backfire horribly.
2526. Supernatural Science,6.6
#You understand and wield a form of science that reaches far beyond ordinary physics, chemistry and biology. Through formula, experimentation and rigorous study you can unlock nearly limitless possibilities, building devices and deriving principles that mainstream science would deem impossible. Those who manipulate science itself can still unravel your work if you operate below the Meta Science level.
2527. Supernatural Surgery,5.5
#You are a surgeon of supernatural skill, capable of augmenting physiology, implanting new powers, curing incurable diseases and even reanimating the dead on the operating table. You still need proper tools, time, and medical knowledge to put it to use and your results live or die by your skill.
2528. Superpower Science,6.5
#(Tech) You can create and manipulate superpowers through advanced science, whether via high-tech devices or artificial enhancements to biology. Unlike general Superpower Manipulation, your approach is strictly scientific, meaning you can engineer, replicate and bestow abilities given the right equipment and resources. Without proper knowledge, your experiments may create unpredictable results or produce a singularity-level power that endangers everything around it.
2530. Surface Grinding,1.6
#You can grind on any surface like a skater grinds rails, regardless of how wide or flat it is. Hill, concrete, tabletop, pond, it doesn't matter, you can ride it. Requires focus to stay balanced and may not work on every material.
2531. Surface Hanging,0.7
#You can hang from ledges and handholds for prolonged periods of time without tiring. Advanced practitioners can even hang upside down. Ledges still need to physically hold your weight, so it's not a substitute for actual climbing gear.
2532. Surface Scaling,2.3
#Naruto - You can walk or run on walls and ceilings by maintaining enough momentum and focus to keep yourself adhered to the surface. Stop moving and you fall, so it rewards committed movement over careful treading. A classic shinobi staple.
2533. Surfing Mastery,1.4
#You are a master surfer, capable of riding any ocean wave with the ease and grace of a lifelong pro. Big waves, small waves, tubes and breaks all bend to your skill. Doesn't help much away from water, but on it you're unmatched.
2534. Surgery Mastery,4.2
#You are a master surgeon, capable of performing any surgery without a single flaw or mistake. From open heart surgery to delicate neural operations, your hands move with perfect precision and your knowledge of anatomy is unmatched. You can operate faster than any mortal surgeon and with zero casualties on the table.
2535. Surveillance Mastery,3.8
#You are the ultimate surveillant, capable of spying on and mapping out areas with terrifying efficiency. You instinctively know where to place eyes and ears, how to blend into crowds, how to tail a target without being spotted, and how to extract intel from the smallest details. Intelligence agencies would kill to have you.
2536. Survival Mastery,3.5
#You are a natural survivalist with hell-and-back instincts. Wilderness, urban collapse, disaster zones, hostile territories — you know how to find food, water, shelter, how to treat wounds with improvised materials, and how to read a situation for threats others never see coming. You've been through it and you know how to get through it again.
2537. Sushi Making Mastery,2.1
#You are a master sushi chef, capable of preparing any sushi dish with flawless technique. Your knife work is immaculate, your rice is always perfect temperature, your fish selection is unrivaled. Michelin stars practically drop out of the sky around you.
2538. Swimming Mastery,2.3
#You are a master swimmer, capable of crossing oceans without breaking rhythm. Your technique is flawless, your endurance in the water is extraordinary, and you can swim faster and longer than any Olympic athlete. You still need to breathe, of course.
2539. Peak Swimming,1.7
#You possess swimming at the highest level a human can attain. You cut through the water with effortless control and balance, reaching speeds of 15-20 knots without tiring. Olympic gold is essentially a formality.
2540. Adept Swing Dance,2.1
#You are a master of swing dance, capable of pulling off lifts, spins and flips with ease. You can lead or follow any partner on the floor and make even a beginner look graceful. The life of any 1940's themed party.
2541. Swinging,2.8
#You are a master of swinging, able to fling yourself across gaps and between surfaces using ropes, vines, webs or anything you can get a grip on. With momentum and timing you can traverse a cityscape almost as fast as flying, provided you have something to swing from.
2542. Switchblade Proficiency,2.3
#You have great skill wielding switchblades, with impeccable manual dexterity and lethal precision. You can flick one open and bury it in a target before they finish reaching for their own weapon.
2543. Sword Arts,5.7
#You can utilize the Sword Arts, a supernatural system of blade techniques. Practitioners can perform feats ranging from simple strikes to slicing through mountains with a rusted branch. The higher your mastery, the more absurd the feat you can pull off.
2544. Sword Spinning,2.1
#You are a master of spinning your sword, whether to deflect projectiles, create an offensive whirlwind of steel, or just look cool sheathing it. Flashy, stylish and surprisingly practical.
2545. Sword Throwing Mastery,3.5
#You are a master of throwing your sword as a ranged weapon with lethal accuracy. Advanced users can curve the blade mid-flight and call it back like a boomerang. Unless you can retrieve it, expect to fight unarmed afterwards.
2546. Swordstick Proficiency,2.7
#You are a master of the swordstick, able to wield it as both a walking cane and a deadly concealed weapon. You excel at rapid stabbing and thrusting attacks, and because almost all swordsticks look like ordinary canes, you can carry one almost anywhere unnoticed.
2556. Synthesizer Mastery,2.2
#You are a master of the synthesizer. You can coax any sound imaginable out of the instrument, from lush pads to filthy basslines, and could probably produce a hit album if you had the rest of the gear.
2557. Syringe Proficiency,2.3
#You are a master at wielding syringes in combat, using them to stab, impale, and inject targets with whatever vile cocktail you've prepared. Unfortunately syringes are fragile, easily broken, and you can run out quickly unless you come prepared.
2558. Systema Mastery,3.8
#You are a master of Systema, the Russian martial art built on discarding fear, ego, and tension in combat. You excel at hand-to-hand, grappling, knife fighting, and firearms, and move with a frightening calm that unnerves less disciplined opponents.
2559. TCG Mastery,2.7
#You are a master of trading card games. You can read any deck within a few turns, construct devastating combos on the fly, and would clean house at any local tournament. Regional championships are well within your reach.
2560. Tableware Weapon Proficiency,2.1
#You are a master of turning any piece of tableware into a weapon. Plates become discuses, forks become daggers, spoons become bludgeons, and you can carve a man apart with a butter knife if the situation calls for it.
2561. Tactical Analysis,5.3
#You possess exceptional strategic acumen, capable of crafting plans that run multiple steps ahead of your opponents. You excel at reading battles, strategic games, and complex situations, anticipating obstacles and seizing opportunities with cold calculation. You cannot outthink true omniscience, and may buckle under the guilt of sacrificing allies for the greater plan.
2562. Tactical Genius,7.4
#You are a genius-level strategist and tactician whose mind sees through every angle, pattern, and variable of any situation. You devise plans that guarantee victory, anticipate every obstacle, seize every opportunity, and make optimal decisions for both short and long term outcomes. Only omniscience or omnichronal perception can out-plan you, though emotional toll from sacrificial tactics remains.
2564. Tae Kwon Do Mastery,3.3
#You have complete mastery over Tae Kwon Do, the Korean martial art built around devastating kicks, spinning jumps and lightning-fast footwork. Your legs are weapons and your body is disciplined by years of mental armament.
2565. Tai Chi Mastery,3.4
#You are a master of Tai Chi, the flowing Chinese martial art that treats body and mind as one system. Your movements redirect force with effortless grace, and your health and internal energy benefit considerably from daily practice.
2566. Takigyou Meditation,2.8
#You are practiced in Takigyou, the ascetic art of meditating beneath a waterfall. Standing in the freezing torrent sharpens your body, clears your mind and strengthens your spiritual core, offering gradual growth across all three.
2567. Tambourine Combat,1.4
#You can fight with a tambourine, using it as both a bludgeon and a distraction with its jingling. A surprisingly annoying weapon to face, though it breaks easily.
2568. Tambourine Mastery,1.1
#You are a master of playing the tambourine, capable of keeping any rhythm and livening up any gathering. Not much use in a fight but people love it at parties.
2569. Tank Operations Mastery,3.6
#You are a master of operating tanks and armored fighting vehicles, from antique models to modern main battle tanks. You instinctively understand gunnery, maneuvering, crew coordination and terrain use, making you a one-person tank ace.
2570. Tantō Proficiency,3.1
#You are a master of the tantō, the short blade of the samurai. You excel at swift stabs and precise cuts in close quarters, and your knifework carries the lethal grace of feudal Japanese warriors.
2571. Taoism Mastery,3.3
#You are a master of Taoism, living in harmony with the Tao. You embody Wu Wei, naturalness and spontaneity, and your understanding of the Way grants you deep spiritual insight and a serene intuition for how events naturally flow.
2572. Tap Dance Mastery,2.2
#You are a master of tap dancing, capable of producing incredibly complex rhythms and beats with your feet. Very impressive on stage, only moderately useful elsewhere.
2573. Tape Proficiency,1.6
#You are highly skilled in the use of tape, whether for quick repairs, binding foes, or improvised weaponry. A handyman's dream, a prisoner's nightmare.
2574. Tasseomancy,2.6
#You can read the past, present and future by interpreting the patterns left by tea leaves, coffee grounds and wine sediment. The readings are accurate but deciphering the symbols takes time, patience and a steady cup of tea. Greater questions require finer leaves and longer brewing.
2578. Taunting Mastery,3.5
#You are a master of getting under people's skin. Your insults, comebacks and mockery land with surgical precision, chipping away at confidence, inducing blind rage or throwing opponents off balance at the exact moment they need focus. A well-timed quip from you can turn a fight before the first punch is thrown.
2582. Technological Ninjutsu,5.2
#Naruto/Boruto - You are a practitioner of a shinobi art enhanced by cutting-edge technology, fusing traditional ninjutsu with integrated machinery to execute techniques no classical ninja could match. Electromagnetic interference may disrupt your tools and training is still required to reach true effectiveness.
2590. Tekkō Proficiency,2.7
#You are a master of the tekkō, the weaponized stirrups and horseshoes of Okinawa, as well as their bladed cousin the tekkō-kagi. You can strike, parry, and rend with them as naturally as your own fists, turning what looks like a handful of iron into a deadly close-range weapon.
2591. Telecommunications Mastery,3.2
#You are a master of all telecommunications and telecommunications engineering. Radios, phones, satellites, the internet, you understand them to the circuit and can design, repair, or subvert them with little trouble. With the right tools you could build a phone network from scratch or crack into one you shouldn't be on.
2598. Teleportation Boomerang Proficiency,3.6
#You are a master of throwing boomerangs infused with teleportation, able to warp them mid-flight for impossible angles of attack and guarantee the return. Skilled enemies may still catch them, and Teleportation Negation grounds your trickery entirely.
2602. Temporal Science,6.2
#You are a master of temporal super science, capable of using formulas and equations to manipulate, exploit and create the forces of time. Unlike raw Space-Time Manipulation this is strictly scientific, meaning you can build chronometric engines, temporal reactors, time-warping devices and exploit chronal energy through pure applied knowledge.
2603. Tennis Combat,2.3
#You can fuse tennis with combat, weaponizing rackets, balls, and even the rules of the sport to fight opponents. Needs equipment to be effective and being out of shape will leave you gasping before the second set.
2604. Tennis Mastery,2.2
#You are a master of tennis, capable of reading spin, placement and footwork with effortless precision. Your serves, volleys and returns are tournament-grade, and given the right court you could hang with professionals.
2605. Tentacular Combat,3.9
#You are a master of fighting with tentacles and tentacle-like appendages, seamlessly integrating them into your physical combat. You can strangle, throw, impale, and crush opponents, using your extra limbs as naturally as your own arms and legs.
2606. Tesla Coil Music,2.1
#You have the knowledge and finesse to play music on Tesla coils, turning high-voltage arcs into a concert. Requires a decent grasp of physics to wire and tune the coils, but the result is a performance that doubles as a lightning show.
2607. Tessen Proficiency,3.3
#You are a master of the tessen and other Japanese war fans, wielding them in a specialized style similar to kenjutsu. In your hands a folded iron fan cuts like a sword, blocks like a shield, and snaps open to redirect projectiles. Extends to the gunsen and gunbai variants.
2608. Thanatology Mastery,4.0
#You are a master of thanatology, the scientific study of death. You understand decomposition, postmortem biology and the psychological weight death carries, and your expertise extends into the supernatural, giving you insight into zombies, ghosts, vampires and anything else that defies the laws of mortality.
2609. Therianthropology Mastery,3.8
#You are a master of therianthropology, the study of werebeasts in all their forms. You know the behavior, abilities, weaknesses and anatomy of werewolves, werecats, wererabbits and every obscure variant in between, making you a walking field guide to beast-shifters.
2614. Thievery Mastery,5.4
#You are a master thief in every conceivable sense. Breaking into any home, safe or vault is trivial, you move unseen and unheard, and you can formulate heist plans with perfect timing and technique on the fly. You feel no moral hesitation before, during or after the deed, and your hands steal with a precision that borders on the supernatural.
2615. Enhanced Thievery,3.0
#You are more elusive and skilled than any ordinary thief. You blend into shadows with ease, slip through tight spaces, evade guards with practiced grace, and leave behind no evidence of your passing. A master of the old-fashioned craft of stealing things and not getting caught.
2617. Peak Thievery,2.3
#You are specialized at snatching, grabbing and taking things at the peak of human capability. Picking pockets, cracking safes, bypassing security systems and formulating elaborate schemes all come naturally to you. You can even return an item to its original spot without anyone noticing it was ever gone.
2618. Thoracickinetic Combat,2.6
#You have learned to fight using your chest as a weapon, shield and tool. Breasts, pecs, ribs and everything in between are wielded with surprising effectiveness, using ballast, bounce and raw mass to attack, defend and disorient. Some of your techniques may be considered deeply weird.
2619. Thought Focusing,3.5
#Allows you to concentrate your mind with razor precision on a single thought while dissociating from all others. This lets you resist mental inducements by redirecting your focus, and helps you access mental-linked powers far more smoothly than someone with a cluttered mind.
2620. Thought Regulation,3.2
#Allows you to regulate and control your own thought patterns at will, shutting down intrusive thoughts, redirecting anxiety, and reacting to situations with a clear head. As a side effect, your regulated mind is significantly more resistant to psychic attack.
2624. Three-Section Staff Proficiency,3.2
#You possess unparalleled mastery over the three-section staff, the Chinese flail weapon of three wooden or metal staffs connected by rings or rope. You can swing the sections in unison or independently, delivering rapid fluid strikes that combine reach, flexibility and raw momentum.
2625. Throwing Dart Proficiency,1.4
#You are highly proficient with throwing darts, able to land bullseyes without looking. Effective at a distance but you may run out of ammo, and shields or blades will swat them away.
2626. Throwing Knife Proficiency,2.6
#You are highly proficient with throwing knives, your aim near perfect even mid-combat or when throwing multiple blades at once. You can pin targets through clothing or flesh without killing them, and can throw even non-throwing knives with the same deadly accuracy.
2627. Throwing Weapon Proficiency,2.8
#You can wield any throwing weapon you lay your hands on with extraordinary accuracy and force. You can release multiple projectiles in rapid succession and even turn improvised objects into lethal missiles, hitting pressure points and weak spots with ease.
2629. Time Machine Operation Mastery,3.6
#Whether through innate talent or years of training, you are a master of operating time machines. You intuitively understand the controls of any temporal vehicle you step into and know how to navigate the timestream without immediate disaster. Careless use can still damage the timeline, and if your machine breaks you are stuck.
2630. Time Synchronicity,4.1
#You can perfectly sync your actions to anything happening around you, punching a speedster mid-blur, dodging bullets, landing throws on the exact spot of a moving target. You only need to know the velocity of what you are timing yourself to, and your body does the rest. You can still misjudge or miss if your read is wrong.
2632. Tobacco Pipe Proficiency,2.3
#You are skilled at using a tobacco pipe as a weapon, either by swinging it in combat or by channeling your powers through it, usually smoke-related ones. The pipe itself is fragile and vulnerable to breaking if struck hard, so take care of it.
2633. Toe Walking,1.1
#You can perpetually move on your toes rather than your soles, which grants you some enhanced agility and a slight speed boost. Your ankles and calves will be absolutely ripped.
2634. Tonfa Proficiency,2.6
#You are skilled with tonfas and similar side-handle batons, capable of wielding them with nimble agility and decent striking power. Good for subduing targets, though cutting through an enemy requires either a bladed variant or significantly above-average strength.
2636. Toothbrush Proficiency,0.7
#You are a master of the toothbrush, whether for its intended purpose of dental hygiene or as a makeshift weapon. Your gums have never been healthier, and in a pinch you can jab somebody in the eye with impressive precision.
2637. Top Proficiency,2.4
#You are a master at wielding spinning tops as both tools and weapons, capable of striking, deflecting, and performing trick shots with them. Takes considerable practice to reach true mastery.
2638. Torch Proficiency,1.9
#You are a master of the torch, skilled at using it for illumination, signaling, or as a makeshift weapon. Great against creatures that fear fire, though your flame can be snuffed out by wind or water and the torch itself can be broken.
2640. Torture Equipment Proficiency,3.3
#You are a master at wielding torture devices of all varieties, knowing exactly how to apply them to make your target break in the shortest time. A grim specialization but a horrifyingly effective one.
2643. Toxicology Mastery,3.9
#You are a master of toxicology, with an innate understanding of how to create, identify and use poisons of all kinds. You can brew lethal toxins from common ingredients, though you'll need proper protection or Poison Immunity to avoid dosing yourself.
2646. Toy Combat,3.8
#You are capable of weaving toys of any kind into physical combat, turning yo-yos, dolls and action figures into credible weapons. Fragile toys may break after a few uses and most toys burn easily, so you'll want to rotate your arsenal.
2647. Toy Hammer Proficiency,0.4
#You are exceptionally skilled at wielding a squeaky toy hammer. Unfortunately, it is still a squeaky toy hammer. The chances of it actually hurting anyone are basically zero unless you happen to also have Toy Actualization.
2648. Toy Weaponry,3.3
#You can wield any kind of toy as a weapon with great proficiency, whether that be yo-yos, spinning tops, stuffed animals, or toy swords. Each toy has its own defensive and offensive capabilities in your hands.
2649. Toymaking Mastery,2.2
#You are a gifted toymaker, capable of producing handmade toys of incredible quality through welding, weaving, pottery, needlecraft and every other relevant technique. Your work is fit for sale, exhibition, or gifting to a very lucky child.
2650. Track & Field Combat,2.9
#You are capable of using track and field events as combat techniques, turning javelins into spears, shot puts into cannonballs, and hurdles into acrobatic maneuvers. If you're out of shape, you'll run out of gas fast.
2651. Track & Field Mastery,2.7
#You are a master of track and field, with peak proficiency in running, jumping, throwing, hurdling, pole vaulting, high jump, and hammer throw. You could compete at Olympic levels with enough training, and your overall athleticism is impeccable.
2652. Tracking Bullet Proficiency,3.6
#You have full mastery over tracking bullets, understanding their mechanisms, calibration, and firing intuitively. In your hands every shot finds its mark, curving through the air and around corners to reach the target.
2654. Enhanced Tracking Mastery,3.5
#You can track others with ease via scents, footprints, broken branches, and other signs, following trails that are days or even weeks old. With enough skill, you can sniff around an area and reconstruct exactly what happened there.
2656. Tracking Mastery,2.8
#You are a master tracker at peak human level, capable of following tracks days or weeks old using scents, footprints, dust marks and other environmental clues. You can reconstruct what has happened in an area with incredible accuracy. Tracking Evasion users are invisible to you.
2657. Trading Mastery,3.6
#You are a master merchant, able to find buyers for anything and sellers of everything. You instinctively know the true value of goods, can haggle circles around professionals, and have an uncanny sense for which trades will turn a profit. Wealth tends to accumulate around you naturally.
2658. Traffic Light Proficiency,1.4
#You are an expert in wielding traffic lights as melee weapons. The pole makes for a decent bludgeon and the lamp housing hits like a wrecking ball, but good luck finding one that isn't bolted down.
2659. Train Operation Mastery,2.1
#You are a master of operating trains, locomotives, and other rail transport. From ancient steam engines to maglev bullet trains, you can drive them all with expert precision. Finding a train to operate is your problem, not the power's.
2661. Trance Combat,4.2
#You are able to fight while in a deeply entranced state, your consciousness narrowed to a razor edge of focus. In this state your reflexes, precision, and instincts are vastly sharpened, though being knocked out of the trance causes your combat prowess to collapse back to normal.
2662. Trance Defense,4.0
#You possess defensive skills enhanced by entering a trance state, allowing you to block, parry, dodge, and deflect attacks with supernatural grace. Maintaining the trance is exhausting, and anything that breaks your focus also breaks your defense.
2663. Tranquil Combat,4.6
#You fight with the serenity of a still pond, moving with graceful, unhurried precision that flows from perfect inner calm. Your body, mind, and spirit act as one, allowing you to react without tension or wasted motion. Rage and fear cannot touch you while you fight.
2664. Transcendent Arts,7.6
#You have trained in the Transcendent Arts, a system of techniques that harness magical, spiritual, elemental, psychic, and extra-dimensional forces into godlike capabilities. Through rigorous practice you push past mortal limits and wield supernatural technique on a divine level. Lack of proper knowledge could cause power loss or dangerous backlash.
2666. Transcendent Katana Proficiency,7.3
#You are a master of wielding katanas of godlike power, blades capable of striking down normally invulnerable entities including those of divine scale. Such weapons are often severely unstable or cause lasting damage to their wielder, so mastery demands extreme finesse and control, lest you injure yourself each time you draw the blade.
2667. Transcendent Science,8.3
#You understand and manipulate a level of science only transcendent beings normally possess, knowledge so advanced it bends physical law on contact. With enough practice you can create universes, warp reality, and bestow almighty powers upon others as casually as a chemist mixes solutions. The science itself is perfect - you are not, and mistakes remain possible.
2668. Transcendent Sword Proficiency,8.0
#You are a master of swords forged with transcendent power, blades capable of cutting down invulnerable beings and gods of all scale. Such weapons are often severely unstable or leave lasting damage on their wielder, a deliberate catch to balance their overwhelming destructive force. Mastery takes considerable time, and carelessness can injure you as easily as your foe.
2669. Transformation Arts,5.2
#You are trained in the Transformation Arts, a specialized martial discipline built around shapeshifting techniques. You can transform into states of higher power or mimic the physiological traits of other beings through learned forms. Lack of proper knowledge can lead to power loss or dangerous backfires, and you may be limited to certain categories like combat or disguise.
2670. Transformation Mastery,7.3
#You have complete mastery over any and all forms, modes, and transformations available to you. You can stay in double-edged or burst forms indefinitely with no side-effects, combine transformations freely, create new ones on the fly, and defy mode-lock entirely. Transformations that would break others are as effortless as breathing for you.
2671. Transforming Weapon Proficiency,3.8
#You are highly skilled with transforming weapons, those that shift between shapes or abilities mid-combat. Whether the weapon is technological or magically crafted, you can flow between its forms without hesitation and use each configuration to its full potential.
2672. Trapping Combat,4.5
#You are a master at combining trapping, sealing and restraining techniques with conventional combat. Whether through magic, gadgets or raw physical skill, you weave immobilizing techniques into your strikes, turning every exchange into an opportunity to lock your opponent down.
2673. Trapping Mastery,4.8
#You are a true master of trapping, able to create and set every kind of trap imaginable, from pit holes and tripwires to poisons, psychological gambits, labyrinths and entire fortress-sized kill zones. You also effortlessly detect and disarm any traps set against you, and your instincts guide your hands even when you aren't thinking about it.
2675. Tree Walking,2.1
#Naruto - You can channel energy into your feet to walk or run up trees, columns and similar vertical surfaces. Requires constant focus and the surface must be sturdy enough to hold your weight.
2676. Trench Knife Proficiency,2.2
#You are a master of the trench knife, that brutal hybrid of blade and knuckleduster. In close quarters you can carve through an opponent with the same grim efficiency as a veteran of the Great War.
2677. Trick Arrow Proficiency,3.1
#You have expert proficiency with trick arrows of every variety, knowing exactly which shaft to pull for the situation and how to loose it at the perfect angle, whether it be a net arrow, an explosive arrow or a grappling one.
2678. Trick Bullet Proficiency,3.2
#You are an expert in the use of trick bullets, knowing exactly which round to chamber for any situation. Armor-piercing, explosive, cryogenic, tracking, you load and fire them with flawless precision.
2679. Trident Proficiency,3.2
#You are a master of the trident, able to wield any three-pronged spear with the grace of a seasoned fisherman and the precision of a warrior. Throwing, thrusting, catching, parrying, you know all the techniques and can apply them to pitchforks, jūmonji yari and any trident variant you get your hands on.
2680. Trombone Combat,2.1
#You can fight using a trombone as a weapon, slide extending to jab, bludgeon, or parry with the bell. Your combat style incorporates the instrument's unique shape and capabilities, although the trombone itself is fragile and can shatter under heavy strikes.
2681. Trombone Mastery,1.9
#You are a master of the trombone, able to play with the skill of a veteran jazz musician or a classical virtuoso. Your control over slide, breath and tone is flawless, and you can produce any sound the instrument is capable of.
2682. Trumpet Combat,2.2
#You can fight using a trumpet as a weapon, whether swinging it like a club or using the bell to blast sound straight into a foe's face. Your combat style incorporates the brass instrument's unique shape, though it is fragile and weak against Sound Manipulation.
2683. Trumpet Mastery,1.9
#You are a master of the trumpet and every brass-related horn you can think of, from cornet and flugelhorn to shofar, didgeridoo and alphorn. Any horn you pick up, you can play like you've been practicing for decades.
2685. Tuba Mastery,1.4
#You are a master of the tuba and other tuba-family instruments. You can play complex brass arrangements with perfect breath control and resonance, and your low notes carry a weight that can shake a concert hall. Comes in handy for marching bands and very little else.
2686. Tuning Fork Mastery,3.3
#You are a master of the tuning fork, wielding it as an unconventional spear-like weapon or a conduit for sound-based attacks. By striking your fork against objects and air you can unleash precise resonant tones that shatter glass, shake bones and amplify any sound-based ability you possess. Useless against sound nullification.
2687. Turkish Wrestling Mastery,3.5
#You are a baspehlivan, a master of Turkish oil wrestling. You possess peak grappling technique, monstrous grip strength and an almost supernatural ability to secure holds on slippery, resistant opponents. Your body is conditioned to shrug off throws that would cripple ordinary wrestlers.
2689. Typhokinetic Ninjutsu,4.6
#Naruto-adjacent - You combine traditional ninjutsu with the manipulation of smoke, letting you vanish in thick clouds, assassinate from within haze, and lay smoke-based traps with ninja precision. Requires real training in both shinobi arts and smoke control to be effective.
2690. Typing Mastery,1.4
#You can type at exceptional speeds with impeccable structure and detail, hammering out code, texts, or stories in a fraction of the usual time. Your fingers may outrun what others can read.
2691. Ufology Mastery,2.1
#You are a master of ufology, the study of unidentified flying objects. You can identify craft types, interpret sightings, and recognize genuine anomalies from hoaxes with eerie accuracy. Whether UFOs exist is another question entirely.
2692. Ukulele Mastery,1.5
#You are a master of the ukulele, able to play the four-stringed Portuguese-Hawaiian instrument with effortless grace. Your playing can set a mood, charm a crowd, or soundtrack a quiet moment at the beach.
2693. Ultimate Arts,8.1
#You wield Ultimate Arts, a specialized system of techniques channeling a form of ultimate power through weapons and secret skills. Each Ōgi is regarded as one of the most powerful techniques in existence, though many are one-shot attacks that drain you heavily and require time to charge up.
2696. Umbrakinetic Claw Proficiency,3.0
#You are highly skilled in wielding claws made of or infused with darkness. Your strikes carry whatever properties your shadow takes on, and your combat style is tailored to close-range rending. You may be clumsy with other bladed weapons.
2702. Unarmed Combat Mastery Absolute,8.6
#You have attained the absolute zenith of hand-to-hand combat. You know every existing fighting style, including obscure and forbidden ones, and can innovate your own forms on the fly to confound opponents. Your melee attacks, counters and combinations operate at a level unmatched by mortal or immortal martial artists.
2703. Unarmed Combat Mastery Enhanced,4.6
#Your mastery of hand-to-hand combat exceeds the peak of your species. You can outclass most opponents without needing weapons and take on multiple aggressors at once, exploiting pressure points and vulnerable areas with ease. Still outclassed by supernatural or absolute martial artists.
2704. Unarmed Combat Mastery Supernatural,7.3
#You possess transcendent skill in unarmed combat, the kind of martial arts mastery that makes you the strongest or near-strongest in your entire setting. You can perform feats impossible to even the most experienced mortal combatants, subduing opponents with effortless precision.
2705. Unarmed Combat Mastery,3.3
#Your unarmed combat ability sits at the peak of human potential. You can send a man flying with a punch or strike multiple opponents in quick succession, outclassing any normal fighter. Still vulnerable to anyone with enhanced or supernatural combat training.
2714. Unconventional Bowmanship,3.6
#You can wield a bow in bizarre and unconventional ways, firing multiple bows at once, using the string as a garrote, or swinging the bow itself as a blunt weapon. Your ingenuity with the weapon lets you surprise more skilled but rigid archers, though going toe to toe with a true master of conventional archery is still a challenge.
2715. Unconventional Cooking,2.2
#You can make genuinely delicious food using strange, absurd or outright supernatural cooking methods. Cooking a steak with a blowtorch and a car engine, baking bread in a dryer - whatever you do, the food comes out great.
2716. Unconventional Gun Proficiency,3.5
#You can wield firearms in bizarre and unconventional ways, trick shots, blind fires, using guns like melee weapons, or combinations that should not work but do. Your creativity with firearms is the limit.
2717. Unconventional Katana Proficiency,3.7
#You can wield a katana in strange and unconventional ways, gripping it backwards, throwing and recalling it, fighting in stances no dojo would ever teach. Against conventional masters you may struggle, but your weirdness lets you catch most opponents completely off guard.
2718. Unconventional Musicianship,3.0
#You can play music beautifully despite using strange styles, bizarre instruments or supernatural settings. Playing a violin upside down in a thunderstorm, making a symphony out of kitchenware - no matter how absurd the method, the result is genuine music.
2719. Unconventional Shield Proficiency,3.3
#You can wield a shield in unusual and unconventional ways, throwing it like a discus, using it as a sled, bashing with the edge, or using it as an offensive weapon over a defensive one. Your ingenuity with the shield is the only real limit.
2720. Unconventional Sword Proficiency,3.6
#You can wield a sword in strange and unconventional ways, reverse grips, self-taught stances and weird combat flows that no dojo would approve of. Against masters of formal swordsmanship you may struggle, but your unpredictability catches most opponents flat-footed.
2721. Undead Arts,4.6
#You are trained in the Undead Arts, a specialized combat and technique system built around channelling the essence of undeath. You can supernaturally enhance your body with necrotic power, call upon the dead to aid your strikes, and perform various techniques that blur the line between living and dead. Lack of proper knowledge may cause the power to consume you from within.
2723. Underground Combat,3.2
#You know how to incorporate burrowing, digging and subterranean movement into your combat style, allowing you to fight effectively while tunneling through the earth or ambushing from below. Pairs excellently with any earth-based power.
2725. Underwater Arts,4.3
#You are trained in the Underwater Arts, a specialized system of techniques built around aquatic combat and movement. You can operate effectively underwater, handling breath control, liquid resistance and environmental pressure far beyond a normal swimmer, and your strikes lose no power in the water.
2726. Underwater Combat,3.3
#You can fight effectively underwater, moving swiftly and striking with full power despite the water pressure and resistance that would hobble anyone else. Does not grant you the ability to breathe underwater, so bring your own air supply or don't stay long.
2728. Unicycle Mastery,1.1
#You can ride a unicycle with uncanny grace, balancing on a single wheel as if walking. You can juggle while doing it, traverse rough terrain, and perform tricks that would make a circus performer weep.
2729. Union Combat,3.4
#You are able to fight in perfect synchronization with one or more partners, your physical combat techniques merging into devastating combined strikes. Requires a teammate to utilize and the effects scale with the strength of your bond.
2730. Universal Arts,6.5
#You have trained in the Universal Arts, a martial system that draws upon the fundamental forces of the universe such as antimatter, dark matter, time, space, twilight, and the fundamental interactions. Through this training, you can wield these cosmic essences in combat techniques ranging from energy manipulation to matter reshaping. Your range of techniques depends on which universal forces you have mastered.
2732. Unnatural Cooking,4.2
#You can cook food with completely unnatural properties, defying all logic about what a meal should be able to do. A loaf of bread that emits blinding light, a soup that causes its eater to explode, a harmless apple that induces vivid hallucinations, all well within your repertoire. Until you master your craft the effects may be random, and you still need ingredients and time at the stove.
2734. VR Game Mastery,2.2
#You are a master of virtual reality games, capable of picking up any VR title and dominating it with ease. Your reflexes, spatial awareness and intuition for VR mechanics are unmatched. Useless outside the headset, though.
2735. VR Training,3.8
#You can train through virtual reality, using fully editable VR programs to simulate any situation imaginable without risking your body. Gains made in the simulation carry over to reality, though nothing quite replaces the weight of real field experience.
2736. Vacuum Arts,5.3
#You are trained in the Vacuum Arts, a specialized system of techniques centered around kenokinetic power. You can wield vacuum offensively to shred foes, defensively to negate attacks, or even to heal by drawing out impurities. Versatile but dangerous without proper knowledge.
2737. Vacuum Cleaner Proficiency,1.4
#You are a master of wielding a vacuum cleaner as a weapon in combat. Whether swinging the canister like a mace, using the hose as a whip, or jabbing with the extension wand, you can turn the humble hoover into a deadly implement. Absurd but surprisingly effective.
2739. Vacuum Sword Proficiency,4.3
#You are a master of wielding swords made of or infused with vacuum. The blade may require constant attention to maintain depending on your skill, and the finesse required to not cut yourself is considerable.
2740. Adept Vale Tudo,3.5
#You are a master of Vale Tudo, the brutal Brazilian full-contact combat sport with barely any rules. You can throw, lock, and strike with every part of your body, and your style lets you brawl against nearly any martial artist. Just don't bite or scratch.
2741. Valentines Day Arts,4.1
#You can wield the Valentine's Day Arts, a supernatural technique system built around the phenomena and embodiments of the holiday. You can attack, defend, and heal using the power of love, roses, chocolate and bittersweet longing. Lack of knowledge can backfire badly.
2742. Vampiric Arts,4.8
#You are trained in the Vampiric Arts, a specialized set of techniques that channel vampiric essence to supernaturally enhance the body and abilities. Practitioners can perform feats of inhuman speed, strength, and regeneration even without being a vampire themselves. Overuse risks turning you into the very thing you channel.
2744. Vampirology Mastery,3.2
#You are a master vampirologist, possessing deep and intuitive knowledge of vampire behavior, abilities, anatomy, and weaknesses. You can identify what kind of vampire you are dealing with at a glance, know exactly how to exploit their weaknesses, and can document entirely new subspecies on the fly.
2745. Vapor Arts,4.2
#You are trained in the Vapor Arts, a specialized system of techniques focused on the cultivation and manipulation of vapor. Depending on the branch you learned, you can use vapor offensively for attacks, defensively as cloaking mist, or even to heal through medicinal steam.
2746. Vaulting Mastery,2.3
#You are a master of vaulting, able to combine jumping, climbing and diving to fluidly overcome any obstacle in your path. Walls, fences, railings, parked cars, none of them slow you down. You instinctively read the environment for the perfect line of movement.
2747. Vector Arts,5.4
#You are a practitioner of the Vector Arts, a specialized martial system built around the manipulation of direction, magnitude and orientation. By precisely understanding the vectors acting on any attack, you can redirect forces, amplify your own strikes, or cancel enemy momentum entirely. Lack of proper understanding can cause the technique to backfire disastrously.
2748. Vehicle Defense,3.2
#You can use any vehicle as an extension of your defensive reflexes, blocking, parrying and deflecting attacks with car doors, bike frames, or even aircraft wings with impossible precision. The bigger the vehicle, the greater the drain on your stamina.
2750. Vehicular Arts,4.5
#You have trained in the Vehicular Arts, a supernatural martial discipline that channels vehicle-based power into the body. You can enhance your physical stats, manipulate vehicular energy, and even heal using techniques grounded in the spirit of transportation.
2751. Vehicular Combat,4.3
#You are a master of combat vehicles across land, sea and air, capable of driving, ramming, shooting and dismantling foes with tanks, gunships, warships and beyond. Some users can even summon or manipulate battle-ready vehicles on the fly.
2752. Vehicular Engineering Mastery,5.1
#You are the ultimate vehicular engineer, capable of designing, building and repairing any vehicle with flawless precision. Given enough time and materials, you could assemble a working hypercar from a junkyard or engineer a starship from scratch.
2753. Vehicular Mastery,4.8
#You are a master driver of every conceivable vehicle, from motorcycles and tanks to walkers, mechs and starships. Hand you the controls of anything that moves and you'll operate it as if you were born in the cockpit.
2754. Ventriloquism Mastery,2.2
#You are a master of ventriloquism, able to throw your voice convincingly and speak without moving your lips. Absolute Hearing users can track the real source of the sound, but to everyone else your dummy sounds alive.
2756. Veterinary Mastery,3.3
#You have complete mastery over veterinary practices, capable of perfectly diagnosing and treating any animal ailment with flawless skill and timing. Every creature from hamsters to dragons falls within your expertise, and Pokémon nurses would weep at your competence.
2757. Vibration Arts,5.2
#You have been trained in the Vibration Arts, a specialized martial system built around the cultivation and manipulation of vibrokinetic energy. You can channel vibrations offensively to shatter targets, defensively to deflect attacks or use them to mend broken bones and tissues with precise resonance.
2758. Vibration Sword Proficiency,4.5
#You are a master of wielding vibration swords, whether they are forged from solidified vibrations or ordinary blades infused with vibrokinetic energy. In your hands these high-frequency blades can cut through virtually anything, and your mastery means you know exactly how to exploit every resonance.
2759. Vibroweapon Proficiency,3.5
#You are a master in the use of vibroweapons, high-frequency bladed weapons whose ultrasonic edges cut through denser materials than any normal blade. You know exactly how to angle a strike to let the vibrations do the work, cutting through armor and stone as if it were flesh.
2760. Video Game Mastery,2.3
#You are a master of playing video games, innately knowing optimal strategies, frame data, and combos for any game you pick up. Getting used to wildly unfamiliar genres may still take a few hours of practice.
2761. Violin Combat,2.1
#You can wield a violin, cello, fiddle or viola as an improvised weapon with surprising effectiveness. The instrument will break eventually, which is a tragedy for both your opponent and any luthier present.
2762. Violin Mastery,2.7
#You are a master of the violin and its related instruments like the viola and cello. Your playing can move audiences to tears, conjure memories, and carry the kind of technical precision that takes most people decades to approach.
2763. Virology Mastery,3.8
#You are a master of virology, with an intuitive and encyclopedic understanding of viruses and pathogens. You can identify, cultivate, weaponize, or cure diseases with an expertise most researchers spend their whole careers chasing.
2765. Vocal Arts,5.5
#You are trained in the Vocal Arts, a specialized system of supernatural techniques based around verbal power. Through incantations, oaths, songs or simple utterances you can bend reality, form unbreakable bonds or deliver commands that must become truth. Lack of proper knowledge may lead to dangerous effects or possession by whatever you were trying to invoke.
2767. Voice Acting Mastery,3.2
#You are a master of voice acting, capable of performing any character, accent or impression with uncanny precision. You can mimic specific people perfectly, shift your voice on command and deliver performances convincing enough to fool even close friends and family of the target.
2768. Volleyball Combat,2.0
#Haikyuu - You can merge volleyball with combat, fighting enemies using spikes, serves, receives and even enforced sports rules. Requires a ball and you'll gas out fast if you're not in shape.
2769. Volleyball Mastery,2.7
#Haikyuu - You are a true master of volleyball, from beach matches to pro-level court play. Your spikes, serves, receives and reads are flawless and you can dominate any pickup game you find.
2771. Wakizashi Proficiency,3.1
#You possess supernatural proficiency with the wakizashi, the Japanese short curved blade. Your skill with this weapon is far beyond the peak of your species, making it a deadly extension of your arm in close quarters combat.
2772. Walkie-Talkie Combat,1.5
#You have mastered the art of fusing walkie-talkies into your physical combat style. Bludgeoning foes with handheld transceivers while coordinating your allies on channel 7.
2773. Walkie-Talkie Proficiency,0.7
#You are a master of wielding walkie-talkies, either for their intended purpose of communication or as makeshift bludgeoning weapons. You'll never lose a signal and you always know the right channel.
2774. Wand Proficiency,3.1
#You are exceptionally skilled in the use of magic wands, able to cast with precision, speed and finesse far beyond an ordinary caster. You can also wield a wand as a melee weapon with surprising effectiveness, though this skill does not carry over to other weapons.
2776. Waste Management Mastery,1.5
#You are a master of waste management in all its forms, from collection and transport to treatment and disposal. You know every regulation, every technology, and every economic lever involved in handling garbage at municipal scale. A very specific career path but an unparalleled one.
2777. Water Arts,4.6
#You are trained in the Water Arts, a complete martial system built around hydrokinesis. You can wield water offensively as whips and blades, defensively as shields and walls, and even channel it to heal wounds. The more you train, the more refined your techniques become.
2778. Water Balloon Proficiency,1.0
#You are a master of water balloons. Your throws are precise, your fills are perfect, and your ambushes are legendary at summer parties. Utterly useless in any serious fight.
2780. Water Gun Proficiency,1.2
#You are a master of water guns and similar weapons, from kids' toys all the way up to industrial waterjet cutters. Your aim is flawless, your reloads are instant, and you will never lose a water fight.
2785. Weak Force Arts,5.7
#You have trained in the Weak Force Arts, a specialized martial system based on the weak nuclear force. Through your techniques you can emit radiation, generate stellar energy, and trigger nuclear events rivaling the power of the sun, though improper use can be catastrophic to yourself.
2787. Weapon Arts,5.5
#You have trained in the Weapon Arts, a specialized system of techniques built around wielding supernatural weaponry. Through dedicated study you can channel a weapon's power, whether divine, demonic, elemental or otherwise, to exhibit skills far beyond what the blade's edge alone could achieve.
2790. Weapon Spinning,1.6
#You can spin any weapon you hold with remarkable flair, whether for deflecting projectiles, creating momentum for strikes, or just looking cool while sheathing your sword. Mostly a stylish flourish but occasionally practical.
2791. Weather Arts,5.5
#One Piece - You have trained in the Weather Arts, a specialized martial discipline built around meteorological power. You can channel lightning into your strikes, ride wind currents for flight, sense weather patterns across vast distances, and create localized pressure zones. The more you understand about meteorology, the more techniques become available.
2793. Webbing Combat,3.3
#You are trained in a martial style that seamlessly incorporates silk and webbing into every strike, block and movement. You can bind limbs mid-punch, yank opponents off balance with silk lines and turn any thread into an extension of your own body.
2794. Weighted Arts,5.4
#You are trained in the Weighted Arts, a specialized system of gravimetric techniques centered on mass and the force of weight. By controlling weight, your own and others', you can throw punches heavy as meteors, leap into the air lighter than dust, or remotely pin a target to the ground.
2795. Weighted-Knuckle Glove Proficiency,2.8
#You are a master at wielding weighted-knuckle gloves, handwear with hidden lead or steel cores built into the knuckles. Your strikes land with the weight of a hammer and you know exactly how to angle your fists for maximum impact.
2796. Weird Combat,3.2
#You fight in a completely unorthodox, unpredictable and deeply strange style, headbutts from prone, cartwheel kicks, biting the air. Opponents cannot read your next move because frankly, neither can you. Works best against enemies who rely on reading technique, works terribly against people who just punch you.
2797. Weird Defense,3.0
#You defend yourself with completely random and bizarre maneuvers that shouldn't work, and yet somehow do, especially when your enemy is also an idiot. Catching a sword with chopsticks, blocking a bullet with a banana. The stranger you are, the better this works.
2798. Welding Mastery,2.6
#You are a master welder, capable of fusing metals together with incredible precision, speed and strength. Your welds hold where others fail, and your understanding of joints, heat and metal behavior is leagues beyond most professionals.
2800. Whack-a-Mole Mastery,0.4
#You are a master of Whack-a-Mole. Arcade prizes tremble before you, your reflexes and pattern recognition for popping moles are unmatched, at least while holding a padded mallet.
2801. Wheel Proficiency,2.1
#You are a master at wielding wheels as weapons, whether that be a tire iron, a wagon wheel or a spinning roulette disc. Whirling wheels of destruction follow in your wake.
2802. Whip Arts,4.2
#You are a practitioner of the Whip Arts, a supernatural martial art built around whip-based techniques. Your whip strikes can break the sound barrier, snare targets from impossible angles and crack with enough force to shatter stone.
2803. Whip Grab,1.7
#You can quickly snatch objects using a whip, and with enough skill you can disarm your foes mid-swing. Excellent for stealing sandwiches from across the room.
2804. Whip Proficiency,2.8
#You are a master with the whip, able to crack, snap, bind and snatch with pinpoint accuracy. You can swing from high places, disarm opponents, wrap them up, or carve flesh with a well-timed lash.
2805. Whip Scythe Proficiency,3.1
#You are a master of the whip scythe, a rare weapon that combines the reach of a whip with the cutting power of a scythe. You can extend your attacks around corners, entangle enemies, and strike from angles they cannot defend.
2806. Whip Sword Arts,4.5
#You are a practitioner of the Whip Sword Arts, a specialized martial discipline blending sword and whip techniques. At the highest levels your strikes can slice through the heavens with a tree branch.
2807. Whip Sword Grab,1.9
#You can quickly snag objects using a whip sword, and with enough skill disarm opponents mid-swing. Bonus points for snatching things without slicing them in half.
2808. Whip Sword Proficiency Supernatural,5.4
#Your skill with a whip sword transcends mortal capability. You can cut through nigh invulnerable or intangible materials, block things that should be impossible to block and even strike targets at any distance. You can wield empathic and bound blades that would reject lesser masters.
2809. Whip Sword Proficiency,3.3
#You are a master of wielding whip swords, blades that collapse into flexible segments or flow like a lash. You can strike from long and short range alike, curve attacks around cover and entangle your foes before running them through.
2810. Whistling Mastery,1.5
#You are a master of whistling, capable of recreating any melody or sound with just your lips. A sore throat or injury will ruin your day though.
2811. Willpower Arts,5.5
#You are trained in the Willpower Arts, a specialized martial and spiritual system that channels sheer will into superhuman technique. At low levels you can reinforce your body and strike harder than any muscle should allow; at peak mastery your will alone can bend reality in your immediate vicinity. Your power scales directly with the strength of your resolve.
2812. Willpower Combat,4.6
#You have trained to fuse willpower into every motion of physical combat, every strike drains an opponent's resolve a little more while reinforcing your own. Your presence alone is enough to make weaker-willed foes stumble, and your blows break spirits as easily as bodies.
2813. Willpower Defense,4.0
#Your defensive capabilities are enhanced by sheer willpower, allowing you to block, parry and dodge attacks that should be beyond your physical ability. A well-timed act of pure resolve can deflect even supernatural strikes. Over-channeling can leave you exhausted or wounded by your own energies.
2814. Wing Chun Mastery,4.2
#You are a master of Wing Chun, the southern Chinese martial art of solid stances, rapid centerline strikes, and swift parrying. Your elbows stay tucked, your hands guard your vitals, and you answer incoming blows with blistering chains of focused strikes aimed at the throat, chest and groin.
2816. Wire Proficiency,3.8
#You are a master of using wire and thread as weapon and tool, wielding strands with extraordinary range, accuracy and speed. You can bind opponents, snatch weapons out of their hands, swing from high places, and slice flesh with strikes too fast to see, though close-range fights and tangled lines remain your weak points.
2817. Witch Ball Proficiency,2.3
#You know how to craft and maintain Witch Balls, brightly colored glass orbs that trap evil spirits and disrupt the illusions of malicious witches. Sufficiently powerful curses or demons may resist their influence, and the balls must be carefully maintained to keep their warding effect active.
2818. Wood Arts,4.6
#You are trained in the Wood Arts, a specialized system of techniques built around xylokinetic power. You can cultivate and manipulate wood for offense, defense, or healing, shaping branches into blades or weaving bark into armor. A proper grounding in the techniques is required or the power may turn on you.
2819. Wooden Stake Proficiency,1.6
#You are a master of wielding wooden stakes in combat. Particularly effective against vampires and similar undead, although transcendent vampires may be wholly immune. The stakes themselves can break if used against armored targets.
2820. Wooden Sword Proficiency,2.3
#You are a master of the bokken and other wooden swords. You can fight as if wielding a steel blade, delivering bruising strikes that can rival sharpened weapons in skilled hands, without ever drawing blood unless you choose to.
2821. Woodworking Mastery,3.8
#You have a perfect and intuitive mastery of every woodworking skill and technique that has ever existed or will ever exist. You can design, craft, and repair any wooden object flawlessly in a short amount of time, from fine furniture to entire timber-framed houses. Still requires wood, tools, and a workspace.
2822. Wrath Arts,5.8
#You have mastered Wrath Arts, a specialised training system that converts rage into supernatural power. The angrier you are, the stronger, faster and more durable you become, and high-level techniques let you reshape your surroundings through pure fury. Without sufficient anger or proper knowledge the techniques can backfire dangerously.
2823. Wrecking Ball Proficiency,2.6
#You are a master of wielding wrecking balls as weapons. Your swings carry massive striking power and reach, letting you overwhelm opponents and flatten entire buildings in a handful of blows. Terrible for stealth, excellent for demolition.
2824. Wrench Proficiency,2.3
#You are brutally proficient with wrenches as melee weapons, inflicting heavy blunt trauma in close quarters. Useful for crushing skulls, breaking through heavy armour or taking apart machinery, and always ready to hand in any garage or workshop.
2825. Wrestling Mastery,4.2
#You are a complete master of wrestling, every throw, takedown, grappling hold and pin executed with perfect skill, technique and timing. Your style is unpredictable and improvised, letting you dominate any grapple-based exchange. Opponents of greater skill or those who refuse to be grabbed can still beat you.
2826. Wrist-Mounted Axe Proficiency,2.2
#You are a master of wielding wrist- and arm-mounted axes, swinging them with precise skill, agility and solid cutting power. Frees up your hands between strikes at the cost of reach.
2827. Wrist-Mounted Blade Proficiency,2.3
#You are a master of wielding arm-mounted blades like the pata, striking with great skill, agility and moderate power. Your hands remain free for grabbing and shoving between cuts, although a hard enough blow can snap the blade clean off your forearm.
2828. Wrist-Mounted Blunt Weapon Proficiency,2.1
#You are a master of wielding wrist-mounted blunt weapons, delivering heavy strikes with good agility and hand freedom. Perfect for someone who wants to keep their palms open for casting or grappling mid-fight.
2829. Wrist-Mounted Cannon Proficiency,2.8
#You are a master of wielding arm-mounted cannons, aiming and firing with precise skill and impressive stopping power. Your aim compensates for recoil instinctively, letting you keep pressure on enemies without losing your stance.
2830. Wrist-Mounted Chainsaw Proficiency,2.7
#You are a master of wielding wrist-mounted chainsaws, tearing through flesh, bone and building materials with brutal efficiency. The roar of the chain gives away your presence instantly, so you are not a stealth operator, you are an announcement.
2831. Wrist-Mounted Crossbow Proficiency,2.5
#You are a master of wielding arm-mounted crossbows, firing bolts with great accuracy and handling while keeping your palms free. Excellent for silent kills and quick-draw ambushes.
2832. Wrist-Mounted Flail Proficiency,2.4
#You are a master of wielding wrist-mounted flails, ball-and-chains and morningstars strapped to your forearm, swinging them with great skill and devastating impact. A difficult weapon that few could use without maiming themselves, which is part of why it looks so intimidating in your hands.
2833. Wrist-Mounted Flamethrower Proficiency,3.0
#You are a master of wielding wrist-mounted flamethrowers, laying down sweeping gouts of fire with perfect control of range, spread and duration. You never flash-burn yourself or misjudge a cone of flame.
2834. Wrist-Mounted Gun Proficiency,2.8
#You are a master of wielding arm-mounted guns, aiming and firing with precise skill and impressive handling. Perfect for situations where drawing a pistol would be too slow or where you need both palms free to grapple and shoot at the same time.
2835. Wrist-Mounted Hook Proficiency,2.3
#You are a master of wielding arm-mounted hooks, striking, rending and snaring with precise skill and agility. A prosthetic hook-hand in your possession becomes a terrifying weapon, although it does make picking up mundane objects inconvenient.
2836. Wrist-Mounted Piston Proficiency,2.7
#You are a master of wielding arm-mounted pistons, jackhammers and pile bunkers, driving them into opponents and structures with perfect timing and brutal force. Few weapons feel as satisfying as punching someone with a point-blank pile driver.
2837. Wrist-Mounted Rocket Weapon Proficiency,3.1
#You are a master of wielding wrist-mounted rocket weapons and missile launchers, aiming and firing with great skill and high attack power. Lock-on with wrist missiles can take a moment, so you'll want to commit to a target before you're in the thick of it.
2838. Wrist-Mounted Saw Proficiency,2.6
#You are a master of wielding wrist-mounted saws and serrated weapons, demonstrating terrifying proficiency in power, speed and sheer savagery. You can decapitate opponents, saw through their weapons and cut through stone, concrete and brick with ease.
2839. Wrist-Mounted Slingshot Proficiency,1.8
#You are a master of wielding wrist-mounted slingshots, firing stones and small projectiles with great accuracy and decent force. A quiet, low-profile ranged option that won't win wars but will win a lot of back-alley scuffles.
2840. Wrist-Mounted Weapon Proficiency,3.2
#You are a master of handling and wielding wrist-mounted weapons of all kinds, from blades to guns to flamethrowers. Any arm-attached weapon you strap on behaves as if you've worn it your whole life. You may only know the raw usage of each weapon, not any exotic side techniques or hidden mechanisms.
2841. Wrist-Mounted Whip Proficiency,2.4
#You are a master of wielding arm-mounted whips, striking at range and disarming opponents with precise skill. Your palms remain free for grabbing, casting or wielding a secondary weapon, making this an exceptionally flexible style.
2842. Writing Implement Proficiency,1.5
#You know how to wield pencils, pens, markers and similar implements as makeshift weapons with lethal efficiency. A pen really can be mightier than the sword in your hands, though the pen itself tends not to last long.
2843. Writing Mastery,2.3
#You can write at exceptional speeds with unbelievable detail, structure and clarity. You could knock out a full novel in an afternoon, though you may write so densely that normal readers struggle to parse what you've produced.
2846. Xenostudies Mastery,4.2
#You are a master of understanding alien species, technology, languages and substances, able to read their body language, connect with them socially and spiritually, and intuit the function of their tech. Mastery does not grant you control over them, only deep and instinctive comprehension.
2847. Xiangqi Mastery,2.1
#You are a master of xiangqi, Chinese chess, capable of reading the board many moves ahead and outplaying grandmasters with ease. Extends some strategic intuition to real-world situations of conflict and positioning.
2849. Xylophone Mastery,1.1
#You can play the xylophone at a virtuosic, world-class level, coaxing breathtaking melodies from wooden bars and mallets. Will absolutely wow the audience at your next elementary school recital.
2850. Yang Arts,5.2
#You are a practitioner of Yang Arts, a specialized system of techniques built around the force of light, positivity, and solar influence. You can channel yang for combat strikes, healing, or enhancement, though mastery requires proper knowledge lest the power destabilize and turn on you.
2851. Yari Proficiency,3.3
#You are a master of the yari, the traditional Japanese spear, as well as its hooked kama-yari variant. Your thrusts are blindingly fast and precise, and you can wield the weapon with the fluidity of a swordsman, switching between piercing, slashing, and hooking techniques without hesitation.
2853. Yin & Yang Arts,6.2
#You are a practitioner of Yin and Yang Arts, a specialized system of techniques built around balance between light and dark forces. You can wield both positive and negative power in equal measure, though mastery demands inner balance and rigorous training, and improper knowledge can tear you apart from within.
2855. Yin Arts,5.3
#You are trained in the Yin Arts, a specialized system of techniques that channel the dark, passive, and negative aspects of existence. Through them you can unleash cold, shadow, and lunar-aligned power, though improper practice can destabilize your own essence.
2857. Yo-yo Combat Mastery,2.6
#You are a master of the yo-yo, capable of pulling off tricks that would leave professional yo-yoists speechless. In a fight you can use them as real weapons — strikes, trips, disarms, and ranged snares. Useless if the string is cut or tangled.
2858. Yoga,4.3
#You are trained in yoga, the ancient Indian discipline of physical, mental and spiritual unification. Through mastery of asanas, pranayama and meditation, you can push your body to superhuman flexibility and endurance, sharpen your mind, and approach enlightenment itself. Disruptions to any aspect of body, mind or spirit weaken your practice.
2859. Yogic Arts,5.4
#You are a practitioner of the Yogic Arts, the ancient Indian system that unites body, mind and spirit to awaken supernatural capability. Through drilling asanas, breathwork and meditation you can unlock the siddhis — feats of strength, clairvoyance and cosmic communion that ordinary yoga only hints at.
2860. Yogic Combat,4.9
#You fuse traditional yoga with hand-to-hand combat, flowing through strikes with impossible flexibility and spiritual poise. Your style blends asanas into grapples and pranayama into blows, creating a mystical martial art that sharpens the deeper your inner balance becomes.
2861. Yogic Defense,4.3
#Your defensive techniques are empowered by yogic discipline, letting you block, parry, dodge and deflect with a calm fluidity beyond ordinary reflex. Breath, posture and presence all contribute to walls of spiritual resistance, though sustained defense will exhaust you.
2864. Yokaigaku Mastery,3.2
#You possess innate scholarly knowledge of Yokaigaku, the study of yokai. You instinctively understand a yokai's behavior, anatomy, abilities and weaknesses upon observing one, making you an invaluable resource when dealing with Japan's supernatural inhabitants.
2865. Zero Gravity Movement,2.1
#You can move effectively in low or zero gravity environments, walking, floating, spinning and orienting yourself without losing control. You may still be a little disoriented or queasy at first, but the instincts are there.
2866. Zither Mastery,2.6
#You are a master of the zither and its entire extended family, from the guqin and koto to the hammered dulcimer and autoharp. Any stringed instrument in that lineage feels like an extension of your hands, and your playing can move audiences to tears or trance.
2871. Zombie Dust Proficiency,4.1
#You are a master of brewing zombie powder, pseudo-magical drugs that paralyze victims into a death-like state and then reduce them to near-mindless slaves with memory loss and brain damage. Victims must be redosed regularly or the effect weakens, and anyone immune to drugs is immune to you.
2872. Zoological Mastery,3.5
#You have a master's touch with animals, an uncanny ability to read their body language, solve their behavioral problems and form deep rapport with them almost on instinct. Beasts naturally take to you and you to them, and you can handle even dangerous or traumatized animals with remarkable ease. Does not grant control, and exotic or supernatural creatures may still require hands-on experience.
2873. Zoroastrianism Mastery,3.1
#You are a master of the rituals, scripture and traditions of Zoroastrianism, from the tending of sacred fires to the recitation of the Gathas. Your expertise grants you spiritual authority within the faith and a deep understanding of its cosmology, which can prove useful when dealing with anything touched by its mythology.
2874. Cultivation,6.2
#Xianxia - You are a practitioner of cultivation, capable of permanently strengthening your body, mind, spirit, and soul through the accumulation of Qi, grasping the Dao, alchemical potions, spirit stones, and realizations. With enough time and resources you can ascend to mythical and even godly heights, but bottlenecks and forceful interruptions can ruin decades of progress.
2875. Dracoscience,5.0
#You are a master of dracoscience, the comprehensive study of dragons — their culture, history, species, biology, secrets, and powers. No draconic mystery is hidden from you, and you instinctively understand any dragon you encounter, though this is pure knowledge and not raw power on its own.
2876. Ecoscience,6.4
#You are an expert in ecosystems, nature and the environment. Every secret of how nature works, from the invisible mycelial networks to the slow breath of the biosphere, is laid bare before your mind. Outside of these domains you have no special knowledge whatsoever.
2877. Electroscience,5.6
#You are an expert in everything there is to know about electricity and lightning. Every law, formula, technique, and supernatural application related to your element is already in your head. If it involves electrons moving you understand it perfectly, though the knowledge doesn't grant you the power to wield it yourself.
2878. Lunascience,4.5
#You are a master of all lunar knowledge. Every secret, every hidden place, every unknown feature and every reason for the moon's workings are laid bare to you. Your expertise extends only to what the moon touches or contains.
2879. Oceanscience,4.5
#You are a master of all oceanic knowledge. Every current, every creature, every shipwreck, every secret held in the deepest trenches lies open to you. If it touches the ocean or lies beneath it, you know it. Outside of the ocean's purview, this expertise does not apply.
2880. Enhanced Throwing,2.2
#You are skilled at throwing, able to hurl weapons or improvised objects with inhuman accuracy, force and speed. A thrown coin in your hand hits harder than most bullets.
2881. Supernatural Throwing,3.6
#You have mastered throwing to a supernatural degree, able to hurl objects at speeds and forces no human body should produce. A tossed pebble can crater walls and a thrown spear can skewer armored targets from across a battlefield.
