1. Nothing Wrong Here,4.1
#A weaker normality, people instinctively try to rationalize your actions and find things more accepting about you.
2. Efficient Physique,2.7
#Your body is incredibly efficient, you are naturally able to digest and gain more energy from breathing, eating and sleeping. In addition, abilities consume slightly less energy to use.
3. Hygienic,1.9
#You are almost always hygienic, no bad breath or germs for you.
4. Digestive Expulsion Independence,0.5
#You never piss or shit. Don't ask where all the waste in your body goes.
5. Blind Eye,1.1
#You just disappear in a crowd, as long as you shouldn't stand out you won't.
6. Whats monogamy,3.0
#Your potential partners are very accepting of any delusions of harem or a woman loving you you might have. They tend not to question the logistics or logic of having multiple people as lovers.
7. Antibody,2.7
#You are very resistant to most diseases.
8. Longevity,4.5
#You will live for a long time, 100 times longer, on top of that, even if your lifespan were to be drained or destroyed you also regenerate your own lifespan.
9. Devils advocate,3.4
#People try to justify your actions instinctually, even when you act in a way completely opposite to their moral compass, you must have had a reason. You always have the benefit of the doubt.
10. Cardboard World,2.5
#You have complete and perfect control over your own strength and the power you exert, even with enough power to shatter a planet you can still easily punch with low enough force to not hurt a foam brick.
11. Photosynthesis,3.5
#Who cares about food or breathing? Natural sunlight is all you need in this life. You regenerate energy faster under sunlight and when under the sun you also feel satiated and don't need to breathe as your body can function off sunlight alone. Water is still needed though.
12. Enhanced Stamina,2.2
#You have inordinate amounts of stamina, always relative to your current status, so if you were a human with inordinate stamina and became a dragon you would be a dragon with inordinate stamina.
13. Terrifying Presence,3.6
#You are terrifying, children cry near you and grown men piss their pants in front of you. When you want to, you appear less like a man and more like a sadistic force of nature.
14. Battle Continuation,4.6
#You are an unstoppable machine. You can power through wounds, exhaustion, and injuries and still keep fighting. This does not dull the pain but the chances are, if the wound isn't lethal and you can still stand, you will be fine.
15. Mountman,2.5
#You are a master rider, whatever vehicle you get on, you know how to ride as if you have been riding it for years.
16. Magic resistance,4.5
#You are naturally resistant to magic and all magical effects, effects scale with your energy level.
17. Energy Acceleration,4.4
#All of your abilities and spells are way faster because your energy moves way faster than it should.
18. Headpat,2.2
#You were born with hands made for patting the heads of all that is cute. Targets feel much more pleasure from you petting their heads, giving a comforting and comfortable feeling when you do. This also helps dispel negative mental effects and build affection.
19. Greater Headpat,3.5
#You were born with hands made for patting the heads of all that is cute. Targets feel much more pleasure from you petting their heads, giving a comforting and comfortable feeling when you do, maybe even arousal if they are kinky. This also helps dispel negative mental effects and build affection. Even the most frigid emo won't be able to fight the power of your palms.
20. Efficient Cells,3.9
#Your cells are supernaturally efficient at converting sustenance into energy, you regain your energy significantly faster.
21. Protection From Arrows,4.2
#You have a natural instinct to avoid projectiles, you always have a sense of where they are coming from and instinctually try to dodge them like a sixth sense.
22. Blessing of Fae,5.6
#You are blessed by the fae, you have an increased energy capacity and all fairies start off with at least neutral to you, fae won't try to trick you and spirits like you.
23. Golden Rule,3.7
#You can spot treasure from a mile away, and you can just sniff opportunities when they are near you. You gain a sixth sense of obtaining wealth and treasure.
24. Heroes Reward,3.8
#Every Hero deserves, that whenever you save someone, they will feel very indebted to you and feel compelled to repay you.
25. Reward Assurance,2.2
#Whenever you do something for someone, whether that be a big quest or a chore, you will get your due reward, as long as both parties have agreed, the opposite party will feel compelled to deliver on their promise.
26. In Shining Armor,2.8
#Whenever you save a damsel in distress they are almost guaranteed to develop romantic feelings for you.
27. Winners Rights,3.4
#Whenever you win a competition or a bet, you get to dictate the terms of your rewards, and the other party cannot refuse as long as your demand is directly proportional to the bet you won.
28. Kakyoin's Gift,2.5
#Married women and milfs find themselves more attracted to you and consider you a potential romantic interest more easily.
29. King of Disco,2.2
#You are the best dancer around, no one can beat you at the art of dance, this also has the effect of increasing your body control, finesse, balance, sense of rythmm and nimbleness.
30. Mmmm Milk,3.8
#Drinking milk replenishes Energy.
31. Animal Lover,1.9
#All mundane animals like you, and non-mundane ones like you more easily.
32. Taming specialist,2.6
#You are skilled at the art of turning a wild animal into a domesticated one.
33. Bitch Breaker,2.9
#(Nsfw)Sometimes all a bad attitude needs is a good fucking, you are an expert at correcting attitudes through sex correction.
34. Sunshine Charm,2.4
#You exude a vibe of goodness and purity, good-aligned beings like you more. It is easier to convince that you are doing good.
35. Bad Boy/girl Charm,2.4
#You have that raw bad boy/girl edge, you are an object of affection for emo's and edgy people. Rudeness may come across as cool more often.
36. I know a guy,5.0
#Your car broke down? You know a guy. Your friend is sealed in a rune array? You know a guy. Once every 30 days you can retroactively rewrite reality to have known a person that can help you with your current situation. That person must be someone who already exists and is not a full tier above you in power. You do not choose who you know, just that you learn that you know of someone who could help you.
37. Serene Grace,3.4
#You have an aura of refinement and grace around you, your presence is calming to those around you and your presence is very noticeable.
38. Voice,3.1
#You have a very powerful and versatile voice, you can make it loud, quiet, smooth, rugged, feminine, masculine, etc. Boosts the power of voice-based abilities.
39. Tough Skin,2.2
#You have abnormally tough skin, enhancing your durability beyond the norm.
40. Fire Resistance,3.5
#You are naturally resistant to fire and fire-based effects and attacks, such as being set on fire, high temperature environments, or being hit by fireballs. This resistance scales with your basic stats.
41. Water Resistance,3.2
#You are naturally resistant to water and water-based effects and attacks, such as being struck by water canons, being placed under depth pressure, your lungs being filled with water or getting water spat in your eye. This resistance scales with your basic stats.
42. Air Resistance,3.6
#You are naturally resistant to air and weather-based effects and attacks such as vacuums, wind slashes, being caught in a tornado, and being lifted off your feet by wind. This resistance scales with your basic stats.
43. Lightning Resistance,3.5
#You are naturally resistant to lightning and lightning-based effects and attacks such as being tasered, struck by lightning, or licking an outlet. This resistance scales with your basic stats.
44. Earth Resistance,3.0
#You are naturally resistant to Earth and earth-based attacks and effects such as being stuck in quicksand, being buffeted by a sandstorm, or being struck by a meteor. No, metal does not count. This resistance scales with your basic stats.
45. Ice Resistance,3.3
#You are naturally resistant to ice and ice-based attacks and effects such as being frozen, being in low-temperature environments, or eating a large icicle to the face. This resistance scales with your basic stats.
46. Thermal Balance,3.9
#You are always thermally balanced to be at a comfortable temperature, as long as the temperature isn't hotter than 1000°C or colder than -100°C your body will always keep an optimal body temprature.
47. Disney Princess,4.0
#All animals naturally adore you and are friendly toward you, in addition, all Animal or Animal aligned entities take a liking to you easier and it is easier to earn their affection and bond with them. In addition, you are naturally incredibly good at singing even without training.
48. Sartorial Savant,1.2
#Your clothes are, for some reason, always clean and tidy, even your wardrobe, and small damages seem to even mend themselves.
49. Quantum Disentanglement,4.6
#You are an anomaly, whenever you are bound or restrained you somehow find yourself untangled.
50. Linguist,2.3
#You are able to understand all mundane languages and are very good at learning non-mundane ones too.
51. Silent Steps,2.1
#You naturally walk silently and softly like an assassin or a cat.
52. Counter curse Mantra,3.5
#Whenever someone tries to inflict a curse on you, depending on the power difference between you and the target it will either be nullified or reflected back at them.
53. Chameleon,2.8
#When you stand still for long periods of time, you start blending into the surroundings, after 10 minutes, people don't even detect your breathing or be able to acknowledge you there. This effect is dispelled when you make any major movements like attacking or fleeing.
54. Perfumer,1.2
#You smell nice, that's about it, you have no distinct, your smell like what the person that's smelling you likes.
55. Magpies Eye,2.4
#You are very good at spotting treasure and valuables, treasures in sight are highlighted.
56. Iron Palate,3.1
#You can eat and digest just about anything that isn't lethal poison to you.
57. Prophecy,6.7
#You are able to see the future in your dreams, with or without your consent.
58. Winner Takes All,5.0
#When you win against someone, you can force them to grant you a reward. The reward you extract must be proportional to the victory you have achieved. Minor victories equal minor rewards while winning a fight to the death would be a reward equal in value to their life. The reward must be something they are capable of granting you.
59. Natural Scent,2.4
#Upgrade of Perfumer - You smell really good, even your sweat does, and your natural body odor is like perfume that most people like. You never have to worry about smelling bad ever again.
60. Poisonous,0.2
#You are poisonous, meaning if anyone eats your flesh they are going to have a mildly bad time.
61. Venomous,2.8
#You are venomous, and your bite contains paralyzing venom.  The power of the paralysis scales with your physical abilities.
62. Iron Man,2.4
#You are unusually tolerant, you can sleep under horrible conditions, endure strain far better, and push through wounds and exhaustion more easily. Overall, you are very hardy and enduring.
63. Shiver,3.4
#Disco Elysium - You feel the cold breeze raise the hairs on your neck. Tune into the world, listen to the whispers of the wind, and hear what the city has to say. You are supernaturally attuned to the world around you, sometimes the world around you speaks and you can hear its voice.
64. Inland Empire,4.1
#Disco Elysium - You are unusually attuned to your supernatural instincts, to the point where you randomly hear supernatural insights and even get flashes of the future that you need to decipher. Honing this sense can allow you to get insights into the world around you that you otherwise wouldn't get. On the other hand, not having control over this trait can make a schizophrenic unable to distinguish reality from intuition.
65. Half Light,2.2
#Disco Elysium - You are unnaturally attuned to your baser instincts, fight, flight and fuck to the point where you can almost hear your instincts speaking to your ear. Honing this sense can help you in combat, gauge the strength of others, know when to run, etc. but on the other side, if you cannot learn to control this side of yourself you can just as easily become a paranoid savage.
66. Volition,4.6
#Disco Elysium - You are unnaturally connected to your own inner morale. The voice that pushes you to move forward, your determination and will to keep going. Honing this sense can allow you not to lose your will even against extreme adversity and pull off feats of tremendous willpower with ease. But losing control over your volition can also lead to overconfidence.
67. Raphael Ambrosius Costeau,2.6
#Disco Elysium - Listen to your inner detective, your deductive reasoning and ability to read cues have increased, you are basically a detective already! Albeit with none of the training of a real detective.
68. Blood Pack,1.4
#Your body holds inordinate amounts of blood, approximately 5 times the average person, this does not affect your body in any noticeable way... somehow.
69. Steady,3.9
#Easy does it, you are incredibly steady, those small those small shakes your body makes are no more, and you do not lose your footing either, even if you are hopped up on adrenaline you could hold a gun like it was on a tripod.
70. Emphaty,2.7
#Some say this is a basic human trait but you would be surprised how many people just don't have it. You are able to emphasize with and understand people's emotions much better to the degree of a savant.
71. Receptive Body,2.8
#Your body is incredibly receptive and open to change without getting damaged and curbing negative side effects. Healing is more effective on you and you are less likely to suffer from negative effects from changes like super soldier serum or abilities that cause physical instability.
72. White Mage,3.6
#Nobody fucks with the white mage. All of your recovery class abilities are more potent and cost less energy to use, and people are more grateful for you healing them because they better be.
73. Endbringer Physiology,8.3
#Worm(Race Change) - You are an Endbringer in the form of whatever you were before, despite not looking any different, your physiology is completely overhauled. Your nonstandard biology grants you extreme physical stats and makes you completely immune to all Biological and mental abilities. In addition, your body is made up of hundreds of layers that get exponentially more durable the closer they get to your core through the warping of spacetime. As long as your core, the most durable part of your body is intact, you will eventually regenerate. While your outermost layers are not that much more durable. To get to your core, someone must destroy at least a planet-sized mass, even at the minimum durability you have. This also makes you resistant to all Spacetime abilities and effects used on you against your will. Durability and stats scale with base stats. You still retain all the functions your body had before.
74. Healthy,1.5
#You are very healthy for your body, granting you slightly increased vitality and virility. In addition, any previous natural health complications you had before getting this trait are fixed.
75. Cardio,1.3
#You have great cardio, granting you slightly increased stamina and exhaustion recovery speeds. You've got a good set of lungs and heart on you.
76. Nimble,1.6
#You are pretty nimble, granting you slightly faster reflexes and speed.
77. Durable,1.7
#You are fairly tough, granting you a slight increase to your defense and letting you take more punishment.
78. Strong,1.8
#You were always pretty strong, granting you slightly increased strength, allowing you to exert more force with your body.
79. Reservoir,2.8
#Your energy reserves and recovery speed are greater than what most would consider average.
80. Breathless,2.1
#Your body doesn't need to breathe, your body still acts like you are breathing and receives all of the benefits from it even if you don't breathe or are in an airless environment. You can also speak without air.
81. Red Tear,3.5
#Whenever you are near death your energy output and strength are increased considerably. This effect fades when you are no longer in danger or are healed.
82. Blue Tear,3.4
#Whenever you are near death your energy output, defense, and resistance are increased considerably. This effect fades when you are no longer in danger or are healed.
83. Magician,4.1
#You are a natural-born Magician, making you naturally talented in the mystical arts, allowing you to learn, understand, and develop magic far faster and you have a unique intuition when it comes to matters of magic.
84. Pugilist,4.4
#You are natural in martial arts, how to move your body efficiently and powerfully comes as second nature to you. You learn and develop martial arts far faster and have a unique intuition when it comes to combat.
85. Esper,4.3
#You are a naturally born Esper, abilities are second nature to you. You understand, develop, and master abilities far faster and you possess a unique intuition when it comes to your abilities. Ability cooldowns are halved.
86. Poseidons Kiss,2.1
#You are blessed by the god of the seas Poseidon, you move underwater as naturally as you would above water, in addition, all mundane aquatic life is friendly to you.
87. Tinker,3.5
#(Tech)You are a natural at building technology. All tinker abilities are more potent, in addition, it's far easier to innovate new tech and build tech. You can also push your specializations far more. (A/N: If you pulled this perk without having a tinker ability, reroll the ticket) 4/28288.
88. Hacker,2.1
#(Tech)You have an increased intuition towards interfacing with technology and getting around technological and code based defenses as well infiltrating networks and abusing the faults of technology.
89. Empath,3.4
#You really are an empath. You can easily tell what people are feeling, understand emotions better, and how to control your own far better.
90. Grand Mage,7.7
#Your talent in magic cannot be surpassed, you are one in 3000 years talent, learning, understanding, and developing magic is as natural to you as breathing, what would take the average mage a hundred years to learn, you can learn in one.
91. Master Pugilist,7.5
#Your talent in martial arts is inhuman. Learning and developing martial arts is as natural to you as breathing, you can pick up martial arts and understand them just with simple glances, your talent in combat is unrivaled. What would take 100 years to master would take barely a year for you.
92. Esgod,7.4
#You are an esper beyond all espers, the potency in your blood is monstrous. Using your abilities comes as naturally to you as breathing, you develop and master abilities with much greater and abilities cost much less energy to cast. You can even train out the hardcoded effects of abilities such as cooldowns and limits.
93. Tinker Supreme,7.9
#(Tech)You are the supreme Tinker, capable of building constructs of scientific and mechanical wonder that would leave all other scientists foaming at the mouth. You don't even need specializations anymore, you are able to innovate and come up with tinker mechanisms on your own with your merits, the tinker specializations are boosts to your natural prowess now but you cannot utilize Tinker abilities not from your native world.
94. Gambler,4.3
#Lets go gambling! Ah dangit. Every time you would roll the ticket, you roll a D20 first, depending on the roll you get, {20}= Ticket Rank Up, {19 - 17}= Advantage, {16 - 13}= Change Ticket Type, {12 - 8}= Nothing happens, {7 - 2}= Ticket rank down, {1}= Ticket is destroyed. This trait can be rerolled or toggled.
95. Lady Killer,2.8
#You are a natural lady killer, women always find you at least a little attractive regardless of their preferences, and a decent chunk of women would consider you handsome.
96. Charming Smile,1.3
#Your smile is really charming, helping people feel more at ease and comfortable with you. Or more attractive to your preffered partners.
97. Minty Breath,0.2
#No more bad breath, your breath always smells fresh and minty regardless of what you ate beforehand.
98. Loveable Pervert,2.2
#When others are perverts they get beat up and/or charged. When you are a pervert it's charming or at most exasperating. As long as you don't cross the line people don't mind you being a perv.
99. Iron Fist,2.1
#Your fists are like iron, enhancing the power behind your unarmed strikes and fist-type abilities.
100. High Specs,6.4
#You are incredibly intelligent, you learn, process, and utilize knowledge far far faster than anyone of your caliber should be able to. You can outpace most computers.
101. Child Friendly,1.8
#Let's keep it PG, allows you to activate a filter that makes you more presentable to a younger audience, placing a censor on your privates, getting rid of gore on your body, etc.
102. Fast Reflexes,2.1
#Your reflexes are beyond the norm, even as a base human you can weave around the average man's punches with ease and you can even aim dodge guns with training. Scales with your stats.
103. Reactive Precognition,4.3
#You've got a bad feeling about this. Sometimes, you will receive short precognition before stumbling into danger, like receiving a vision of stepping on a trap just before you enter a room or being shot by an assassin when walking through the street. This won't always trigger but is more likely to trigger the higher the danger to your life.
104. Mysterious Stranger,3.3
#A guardian angel with a revolver and a fedora, always just slightly out of reach. Sometimes, in moments the stranger will come and offer you his brief assistance, maybe he shoots your enemy in the ankle to cripple them or disables a trap you need him to. (Once the functionality of a skilled man with a gun becomes useless for the MC, the mysterious stranger will drop by one last time and give them a gold rarity trait ticket as a refund before the trait disappears.)
105. Iron skeleton,3.5
#Your skeleton is exceptionally durable, your bones are considerably harder to break and absorb shock way better, making you way more durable.
106. Tough Claws,2.5
#Your claws are exceptionally sharp and durable, more than they should be, all claw-based attacks and abilities are stronger, and you can turn your nails into simple claws whenever.
107. Iron Nerves,2.8
#Your nerves are made of iron, you don't flinch or get startled, and this does not affect your reflexes.
108. Smell the Magic,3.4
#You can smell magic and mysticism. You can decipher the scents of people to learn more about them from their magic. A necromancer might have the stench of death and decay on them. Ice magicians may smell like crisp winter air. Etc.
109. One Size Fits All,1.0
#(Nsfw)Your partners no longer feel any discomfort with your physical features, this extends to your phallus somehow fitting inside of them even if it reaches ludicrous sizes.
110. Salt Detection,0.1
#You can tell where salt is, only salt is ready for human consumption.
111. Commander,3.6
#You are a commander, you are better at exerting your authority and receiving obedience from your subordinates. In addition, you are better at organizing, managing, and commanding personnel as well as managing their morale.
112. Healing... Fluids,3.7
#Your sweat, saliva, and cum heal, yes, it is very awkward but the effects cannot be denied. The effect scales with your physical stats. It is not incredibly potent but it is healing, someone can lick the sweat off your abs to heal themselves.
113. Blessed Child,3.5
#Gods really favor you, it's easier to garner favor and affection from divine beings. Blessing-type abilities are slightly stronger.
114. Undeniable,3.9
#Your senses cannot be hindered, you can't be blinded even when sand is thrown at your eyes, and you won't become deaf even if someone sonic blasts your ear. The only way to hinder your senses is by physically ripping out the organ.
115. Aware,3.2
#You have an enhanced sense of awareness, far beyond the average. You can easily tell when there is something wrong with your body, it is hard to catch you by surprise and you can more easily tell what is going on around you.
116. Avian Ally,2.5
#You have great affinity with birds, avians, and creatures that are aligned with them. Making it easier to earn their affection and favor, and form relationships with them. In addition, all flight feels more natural to use, and flight effects require less energy to maintain.
117. Thick Skin,2.1
#Your skin is way denser and tougher than the average person's, and it is very smooth and nice to touch. This toughness scales with your physical stats, being able to serve as natural armor at higher levels.
118. Strong Legs,2.4
#Your legs are stronger and tougher than average, slightly enhancing your speed and increasing the power behind your kicks substantially.
119. Pyromaniac,4.8
#Burn baby burn, you are a natural pyromantic, fire abilities cost less energy, and your natural fire and heat resistance are increased. You recover energy faster the hotter you are but slower the colder you are.
120. Cryonist,3.4
#You are a natural with cold, your ice-based abilities cost less energy, and your natural ice and cold resistance are increased. You recover energy faster the colder you are but slower the hotter you are.
121. Nature's Child,3.2
#Nature subtly favors you, you tend to find fresh and healthy fruit when you go out for walks, you can grow a garden with minimal care, and animals and beings that are aligned with nature are more favorable toward you. In addition, you recover energy faster the closer you are to nature.
122. Mind Palace,6.2
#Your mind is a palace you have absolute control over, you are immune to all mind abilities below Mythical level, and you can freely control your own mind, possess enhanced thought speed and perfect memory. In addition you learn things much faster than the average person and can freely change your own mental scape.
123. Polymath,4.4
#You are a polymath, a once-in-a-generation talent in all areas. You improve in all areas of expertise with speed that vastly outstrips the average person.
124. Talented,3.7
#You are a talent in every field of experience. You pick up any skill considerably faster than the average person and improve faster too.
125. Persuasive,2.6
#You are very persuasive, it is easier to make people see things from your perspective and get them to agree with you.
126. Manager,2.7
#You are really good at organizing and managing things, distributing tasks, and prioritizing.
127. Thinker,4.8
#I think, therefore I am. All of your thinker abilities are more potent and cost less to use, in addition, thinker headaches are mitigated.
128. Dramatic Tumbleweed,0.3
#During tense and dramatic moments like a standoff, a stray tumbleweed will pass by you and your opponent in a dramatic manner. The tumbleweed fades out of existence the moment it stops being observed.
129. Herbalist,2.1
#You have a vast knowledge base related to plants, you can easily understand the function and origin of a plant just by looking at it. You can also make basic medicines.
130. Feline Friend,2.9
#You have great affinity with cats, tigers, felines, and creatures that are aligned with them. Making it easier to earn their affection and favor, and form relationships with them. Thanks to your affinity with felines, you are unusually flexible and possess a heightened sense of balance and slightly improved reflexes.
131. Sexual Calibration,2.3
#(Nsfw)All of the minor inconveniences sex once had are now gone, forget about STDs, hygiene precautions, or unwanted pregnancies because you can adjust how all of those interact with you. In addition, you are very talented in the tantric arts.
132. Golden Shot,1.3
#Your little swimmers are the strongest in the world, any woman you cum inside of WILL get pregnant, even if they are more barren than the arid desserts your semen does not care. (If you didn't have the right equipment before, you will now if you choose to. If not, reroll this this trait.)
133. Ygdar Orus Li Ox,4.9
#"You only live once" At the moment of your death, you are resuscitated and revived with all of your lethal wounds healed and some of your energy restored, once Ygdar Orus Li Ox is triggered this trait is deleted from your status.
134. Hero Candidate,3.3
#You are a Hero in training, whether you are fit to take on the title of a real hero is to be seen, all Holy and Light abilities are slightly enhanced and the strength and duration of blessings are extended.
135. Demon Scion,3.6
#You are a Demon Lord to be, whether you are fit to take the title is to be seen, all Darkness and Unholy abilities are slightly enhanced but at the same time you are more vulnerable to holy and light abilities.
136. Goth Magnet,2.4
#Goths and emos are drawn to you for some reason, making it easier for you to garner affection and favor from goths or those with daddy issues. In addition, people turn a blind eye to your less-than-favorable actions more easily, just like how those fathers turned a blind eye to their daughters.
137. Background NPC,2.6
#You fade into the background really easily, unless you do something to draw attention to yourself people overlook you very often and it becomes very hard to notice you. Does not work on people who are looking for you or are aware that you specifically are there. Stranger class abilities are slightly more potent.
138. Untraceable,3.8
#You are very hard to track, cameras mysteriously stop recording when you step into the frame, your footprints get covered by the natural elements, and normal people just cannot remember which way you went when someone asks them. Very good for a serial killer or a paranoid.
139. Golden Goose,5.7
#People want you on their side and they will dote on you to make sure you don't defect from their side, if you are in an organization your higher-ups like you way easier and they will try to accommodate you. If the king or queen meets you they will probably also take a liking to you.
140. Ex Nihilo,5.0
#All abilities that create constructs or new matter now cost significantly less energy to produce and maintain.
141. Peerless,3.6
#You are peerless in bed, you can quickly adapt to your partners' preferences and learn their weak spots in bed, you improve at the tantric arts much faster also, none will leave your bed unsatisfied.
142. Helltaker,3.3
#"You wake up, dreaming of a harem of demon girls" Infernally aligned/Demonic beings find themselves more attracted to you and it is easier to earn their affection.
143. Heaventaker,3.5
#"You wake up, dreaming of a harem of... angel girls? That doesn't sound right-" Holy aligned/Angelic beings find themselves more attracted to you and it is easier to earn their affection.
144. Denied from Oblivion,6.4
#The gates of hell are closed for the likes of you, and heaven kicked down the ladder so you are just stuck here. You remain in the mortal world as a soul after your death.
145. Curse Devouring Physique,4.2
#Your physique is unique, it devours curses like a hungry animal. If you get cursed your body starts fighting against it and slowly eating the curse, the strength of the physique scales with your maximum energy. Completely devouring a curse increases your maximum energy slightly, devouring more of the same curse has diminished returns. You also recover energy faster in places with more negativity.
146. Mysticism,3.2
#Your energy reserves and recovery speeds are beyond the norm. Allowing you to use abilities and spells for longer.
147. Hyper Reflexive,4.6
#Your entire nervous system is overhauled, and your reflexes are so fast they almost seem like precognition.
148. Surging Magic Power,4.9
#Your connection to the mystical is far more potent, any magic you use is far stronger than it normally would be and you can overload spells without breaking them.
149. Nine Lives,7.0
#Curiosity killed the cat, but it had 8 lives. You have nine lives, every time you die, one of these lives is exhausted and you are returned to full health.
150. Scholar,2.1
#You are an expert at reading, learning, and retaining information, you could read 50 books in a day and still be able to retain all of the information from the individual books.
151. Winterman,2.6
#You were born in the harsh winter winds, you are more resistant to cold and ice-based abilities, and your ice-based abilities cost less energy to use.
152. Constant,5.3
#You are a constant, your body cannot be changed by outside influences without your consent(as in stuff like soul manipulation or biomancy, not regular attacks), in addition, you are immune to paradoxes and only one of you exists as you cannot be cloned or be replicated either.
153. Master Rider,4.2
#You are a master at riding any mount, when you get on top of a mount your senses are linked and you can communicate your intentions to your mount instantly.
154. Dragon Rider,4.4
#You are the one destined to ride dragons, all dragons view you more favorably and it is far easier to earn their affection.
155. My Master,3.2
#You are an excellent master, any servant under you or serving you is more favorable toward you and it is easier to earn their affection. This also applies to submissive people.
156. Corrupting,3.7
#Your presence is very corrupting, the longer you influence people the more they are willing to betray their morals for you and ignore the morality of your actions.
157. Pacifism,2.4
#With pacifism, you are able to turn off your killing potential, even if you hit a medieval serf with a final flash, he will still be alive albeit barely.
158. Gym Nut,3.7
#You are a gym nut, want those powerful muscles? Better get to grinding. Your body recovers from exercise far quicker and far better, and your physical training efficiency is increased considerably. You could achieve peak human fitness in a few months of decent training.
159. Fireborn,6.7
#You were born in the flames, molded by them, You are completely immune to all fire-based attacks, and the higher your body temperature, the faster you recover energy and health up to 500%.
160. High Capacity,5.3
#You have an extra ability slot.
161. Immutable,3.9
#Your body refuses to change. You are incredibly resistant to abilities that would try to change, anyone trying to change you without your consent has to wrestle control over you first. Abilities like rot or wither inducement, sickness inducement, biokinesis, etc. are automatically resisted.
162. Ice Monarch,7.2
#You are the Ice Monarch, the ruler of all that is ice. You are massively resistant to all elemental effects, for every element that comes in contact with you freezes. All ice and frost-related abilities below Mythical Tier are increased by rank and cost less energy to use. All ice and frost-aligned beings instinctively recognize you as the monarch. You are immune to ice and cold-based abilities.
163. Fire Monarch,7.3
#You are the fire Monarch, the ruler of all that is Fire and Plasma. Your energy is massively enhanced, as your soul is an eternal reactor. All Fire and Plasma-related abilities below Mythical Tier are increased by one rank and cost less energy to use. All fire and heat-aligned beings instinctively recognize you as the monarch. You are immune to  Fire and Plasma-based abilities.
164. Earth Monarch,7.4
#You are the Earth Monarch, the ruler of all that is Earth. Your durability is massively enhanced, you are as immovable as the earth. All Earth and Metal-related abilities below Mythical Tier are increased by one rank and cost less energy to use. All earth-aligned beings instinctively recognize you as the monarch. You are immune to earth and metal-based abilities.
165. Sea Monarch,7.1
#You are the Sea Monarch, the ruler of all that is Water and the depths. Your vitality is massively increased as the sea is the mother of all life. All water-related abilities below Mythical Tier are increased by one rank and cost less energy to use. All water and sea-aligned beings instinctively recognize you as the monarch. You are immune to water and ice-based abilities.
166. Sky Monarch,7.9
#You are the Sky Monarch, the ruler of all that is Sky. Your agility is massively enhanced, as you are as free as the wind. All wind and lightning-related abilities below Mythical Tier are increased by one rank and cost less energy to use. All sky-aligned beings instinctively recognize you as the monarch. You are immune to wind and lightning-based abilities.
167. Hero,4.5
#You are a Hero, a child blessed by light and holy. All Light and Holy-based abilities are strengthened alongside your physical abilities. Beings aligned with the Divine/Clergy are more favorable toward you and are more likely to view you with reverence and affection, and to reward you for your merits and service for them. In addition, all blessings are stronger and last longer on you.
168. Free Bird,3.6
#You are a perfect flyer, flight comes as naturally to you as walking or breathing, all flight abilities are more precise, and potent and cost considerably less energy to maintain.
169. Relentless Stamina,4.3
#Your stamina is ridiculous, even as a regular human you could run a marathon and not be winded, you also recover from exhaustion really fast and it takes a lot to get you exhausted.
170. Cat's Feet,2.0
#You almost always land on your feet when falling, in addition, you are immune to all fall damage, even falling down from space to earth will not hurt your legs.
171. Cuddle King,2.1
#You are the king of cuddling, whoever you are cuddling or having a skinship with will feel comfortable, and you are the best cuddling partner. Good for building relationships.
172. Eagle Eyes,2.2
#Your sense of sight and visual acuity are far beyond the norm, you can see a lot farther and a lot more clearly than the average person.
173. Bloodhound,2.8
#Your sense of smell is far beyond the norm, comparable to canines, in addition, you can differentiate smells with great accuracy.
174. Sharp Hearing,2.5
#Your sense of hearing is far beyond the norm. You can distinguish many quieter sounds, you are able to differentiate between sounds much easier, and automatically adjust your hearing depending on the sound of the noise.
175. Soft Hugger,2.6
#Sometimes all you really need is a hug. Your hugs feel really nice and comforting, they also help dispel negative emotional states. Your hugs are literally therapeutic. Go figure.
176. Boundless Stamina,4.4
#Your stamina is boundless, even a regular person with this trait would be able to run a marathon with ease and only need a minute's rest afterward. Your stamina recovers incredibly and exhaustion fades from your body much faster.
177. Lucky Sukebe,2.3
#(Nsfw)You are a lucky fellow alright, just in ways you wouldn't expect. You often stumble into lucky perverted or lewd situations. The chaos of all infinity and eternity is distilled into an ability to affect the composition of all of reality itself and it makes you more likely to find a girl changing. Amazing.
178. Spirit Affinity,3.0
#You are talented in the art of everything spirits, spiritual creatures, and objects take a liking to your and soul-based abilities are easier to master
179. Immortal Soul,4.9
#Your soul is immortal, it can be wounded and shattered but never annihilated as long as you possess energy.
180. Last Stand,3.5
#When your health is down 10% or when you are on the brink of death your physical stats increase by a stage.
181. Lord Death of Murder Mountain,4.5
#Murder and maiming are just instinct, you were born with blood in your hands and you will spill many more.
182. Enhanced Strength,2.5
#Enhances the user's existing strength, increasing the physical force they can exert proportional to their own strength.
183. Enhanced Agility,2.8
#Enhances the user's existing agility, augmenting their speed and reflexes.
184. Enhanced Vitality,2.4
#Enhances the user's existing vitality, allowing them to recover from wounds and afflictions quicker and making them more healthy overall.
185. Enhanced Endurance,2.6
#Enhances the user's existing endurance, allowing them to function for longer before getting tired and enduring more punishment.
186. Dexterous,3.1
#You are unusually dexterous, granting you impeccable hand-to-eye coordination, motor skills, and control over your body.
187. Vengeful,4.2
#When fighting against any target you have lost to before, all abilities and traits you possess are increased by a stage which is a + by the way so Uncommon would become Uncommon+.
188. Masochism,4.5
#"Hurt me more" Whenever you are hurt or damaged you recover energy proportional to the damage you receive.
189. Demon Lord,4.4
#You are a Demon Lord, all Darkness and Unholy magic and abilities are strengthened and so are your physical stats, this effect is increased if your race is demonic or infernal., you greatly resist all darkness and unholy attributes. Demonic/Infernal beings are more servile to you and it is easier to assert your authority over them and receive their obedience. All Demonic/Infernal beings under your service or command you can command and manage better, in addition, they get minor buffs from being under you.
190. Item Warranty,3.5
#Your gacha items now have warranty, if an equipment you own is broken to a level where it cannot be used effectively, within 24 hours that item and all parts of that item will be replaced with a replica in perfect condition as long as the item has not been traded away or given away. Only applies to items that were broken during intended use, warranty does not apply in cases of sacrifice, smelting, destruction during modification etc. and does not apply to consumable items.
191. Hero Time,4.7
#Can only be activated once a week, if you are fighting to protect someone all enhancement abilities receive a full rank boost.
192. In Time of Need,4.0
#-A Hero arises. Once every 120 hours you can restore your stamina and energy to full. Hours afterwards you will be extremely exhausted.
193. Seamster,2.3
#You are naturally very talented at sewing, you can spot flaws in clothing and easily make your own or fix others
194. Wrath Made Manifest,6.6
#You are wrath given form, all of your physical start increasing the angrier you get, caps out at Epic Rank
195. Pride King,6.6
#Your very existence is oppression, in your presence, any creature below Epic rank will have all their energy lowered by one rank, and anyone more than two ranks below you cannot breathe without your permission
196. Gluttonous Abyss,6.6
#You can extract the energy out of any object you eat to permanently increase your own energy reserves
197. Free Flier,1.6
#You are a master of flight, flying is as natural to you as walking or breathing, as long as you are capable of flight that is. Flight using abilities costs less energy.
198. Stable,2.6
#You will never lose your balance from anything short of your legs getting sheared off.
199. Zenkai Boost,5.6
#Every time you return from near death all of your stats are increased permanently.
200. Black Heart,6.3
#Solo Levelling - You have a second metaphysical heart that massively increases your mana capacity and regeneration while also boosting all necromancy abilities significantly.
201. Energy Heart,5.8
#Your heart is replaced with a more metaphysical alternative that pumps raw energy through your veins instead, massively increasing your maximum energy reserves and adding your natural regeneration speeds to your energy regeneration speed alongside your regular energy recovery.
202. Mana Substitution,4.0
#Whoever said you needed paltry things such as blood, food, water, or air to breathe were liars. You can substitute any of those things with your own mana but don't depend on it for too long, or else you may instantly die when you run out of mana.
203. Iron Mind,3.3
#Your mind is made of iron and your body will obey. Even if you are exhausted and starving the effect it has on your performance is minimal. Regardless of your suffering, your performance will be optimal. Does not extend to physical limitations or wounds. Also increases resistance against all Negative Mental Ailments.
204. Bloodless,2.2
#Bloodloss who? You don't bleed like they do, even if your body is drained of most of its blood, as long as there is a cupful left you won't feel its effect. If you are a vampire with this trait, you won't suffer the need for blood.
205. Bloodbank,2.7
#You just keep bleeding and bleeding, your body can hold 10x the amount of blood and regenerate blood 10x faster, don't ask how your body can store that much blood without changing mass or size.
206. Eternal Bleed,4.2
#Your body holds a virtually limitless amount of blood and you regenerate blood 100 times faster, you can feed a whole clan of vampires for the rest of their lives or be the ultimate bank for a Hemokinetic.
207. Living Nightmare,5.7
#You can recover your energy by converting the fear people hold towards you into energy, if enough people fear you you might even gain permanent stat increases.
208. Lord of Fear,6.6
#You are the ruler of fear, if your opponent fears you their energy starts getting drained to yours, and you can physically interact with fear and absorb it into your own energy.
209. Necromancer,4.0
#Specialization - You are a natural-born necromancer, dealing with death and souls is just your lane of business. Any death or soul-related ability is easier to master and costs less energy.
210. Plaugemaster,4.2
#Specialization - You are a natural-born contagion, spreading disease, poison, and decay is second nature to you. Any poison or disease-related ability is easier to master and costs less energy to use.
211. Shaper,4.8
#Specialization - You are a natural-born shaper, shaping the body is second nature to you, all biological or body alteration abilities are easier to master and cost less energy.
212. Non Binding Clause,5.3
#That contract you just signed? The one with the soul bindings or magical enforcement? Yeah, unfortunately for them it's non-binding for you. At any time you choose to, you can destroy any contract or clause bound to you that you have agreed to. The fae will cry.
213. Lil' Hercules,5.5
#You are unusually strong, even as a regular human without powers you could rip a man in two with your bare hands and are durable enough to take your own punches. This strength scales with your current physical abilities, you are always stronger than you should be.
214. Peak Specimen,5.4
#You are genetically the peak of your race, all those impurities or genetic defects your race could have had don't affect you, it's almost like you were selectively bred to be the peak specimen of your species.
215. Ancestry,4.7
#You have some... unique ancestry, your parentage and lineage have changed from mundane or regular to you being the secret child of a great figure, which figure? Who knows, maybe they were a great swordsman or a legendary magician. Once you unlock your lineage ability or talent this trait gets replaced with it.
216. Chutzpah,3.3
#You don't give a shit, panic and apprehension can get you when they have earned you. If you choose to, you can shrug off that panic and fear and show your audacity in the face of even god itself.
217. Sisyphean,6.0
#"A lifetime defined by futile struggle." Your mind is inhumanely durable, even if you get bored, even if you get tortured, even if you have to push a boulder up a mountain for hundreds of years, your mind may bend, but it will never break. You are rendered MASSIVELY resistant to any external mental interference.
218. Magic Well,4.2
#You have an abnormally large pool of energy you can access, allowing you to use abilities and spells for far longer.
219. Big Battery,3.5
#Your energy reserves are noticeably above average, not so much that you would be touted as a genius above all but enough to be very noticeable.
220. Dragon Core,7.0
#Instead of ordinary energy reserves, your energy core is that of o dragon. If the average mage has a generator, you have a power plant in your heart.
221. Energy Abyss,7.6
#Your energy storage is infinite, and your regeneration and output are unaffected but you will never hit a limit with how much energy you can hold inside of you, even if the most you can conjure is a measly fireball. You can hold the energy equivalent of a billion supernovas inside of you.
222. Lord of Magic,7.2
#Your talent in magic is one in a trillion, magic just makes sense to you, you can learn even the most complex of spells in the hundredth of the time it would take the average "genius". You can come up with spells on the fly, your talent is practically unrivaled.
223. Warlord,7.3
#Your talent in weaponry and warfare is one in a trillion, you can pick up and master basically any martial arts and weaponry in a hundredth of the time it would take the average "genius". You are basically Garou.
224. Demigod,6.0
#You are the child of a god, which one? Who knows, could be anyone, chances are, even if they don't know about your existence, maybe you will get a doting mother when they find out or get Kronos'd. After you discover your lineage and awaken your ability this trait will be replaced by it
225. Untired,5.8
#"I can do this all day." You never get tired, even if your energy is at its last dregs or you have been running for days you won't get tired, your body may feel all of the negative effects from overworking your body but you don't feel tired or exhausted.
226. Infinite Stamina,6.8
#"I can do this forever" You must be some kind of monster, that's the only explanation. You could walk forever and not get out of breath, and you can be sure that no matter what you will never run out of stamina, you may strain your body but in terms of bodily energy, you have infinite, does not affect mana/energy.
227. Recoilless,5.1
#Ability drawbacks are severely reduced and Newton's 3rd law cowers before you. You can draw upon more power than your body should be able to and you will barely feel it.
228. Your Majesty,4.6
#You have the blood of royalty inside of you, you have more charisma than the average person and it is easier to assert yourself as a figure of authority in people's minds. If you are responsible for someone, they will view you with more respect and authority.
229. Rivalry,3.3
#Swordsmen, Martial Artists and competitive people seem to be drawn to you; they want to test themselves against you and grow fond of you more easily, especially if you manage to defeat them. Martial skills grow  faster when engaging in combat.
230. Demon God,8.1
#You are the reincarnation of a Demon God, all Darkness and unholy abilities and magic are increased by a tier if they are below mythical level and cost less energy to use, all demonic and infernal beings recognize you as an absolute authority if they are weaker than you and even ones stronger than you recognize you for what you are. Your basic physical stats are massively increased and in addition, you can convert your energy directly into a darkness attribute like a Mana Burst.
231. Wanted,4.8
#People want you on their side or organization and they don't want you to leave, you are likely to be treated way better in any organization you sign up with and the rules would be way less strict on you, you are needed on their side after all.
232. Quest Marker,4.5
#"Another settlement needs our help, I'll mark it on the map for you", whenever you get a quest or someone requests something you can summon an arrow that points you toward your objective.
233. Pretty Privilidge,2.6
#You aren't physically more attractive of course, but others just find your face and figure more appealing to their tastes. If you were a 5/10 in their eyes before you are now a solid 7/10.
234. Lese Majeste,3.2
#Your chutzpah and boldness are perceived as more charming rather than irreverent or disrespectful by people in positions of power, in addition, people in power like nobles, bosses, royalty, etc. find themselves more attracted to you.
235. Lovers,3.3
#You are better at understanding others and expressing your own feelings through speech or words, making yourself understood better. For all intents and purposes, this is essentially talent in communication.
236. Charming Eyes,1.6
#Not to be confused with the mystical eyes of charming, instead of hypnotizing people your eyes are just really pretty.
237. Precise,3.6
#You are very precise and controlled when using your abilities or spells, your control over your own moves and body is beyond the norm.
238. Exact,4.5
#You are incredibly precise with your control over both your abilities and spells to the point that other people would struggle to match them.
239. Chronolog,1.7
#You have a perfect internal clock, you can when was the last time you did something. You can recall things by the milliseconds and you are perfect in timing things like a stopwatch too.
240. Post Mortem,4.5
#The reaper's car got stuck in traffic so he is going to be a little late. When you die, you can still move and use your abilities for up to 1 hour before the traffic jam clears and the reaper takes your soul.
241. Infinite Money Glitch,6.9
#Something is very wrong but you don't have to worry about that. You can always pull out enough money you need to pay for something from... somewhere. Just reach into your pocket and you will something like a gold coin, perfect legal tender that doesn't cause inflation, whatever, you will somehow find enough money whenever you need it.
242. Magic Circuits,4.8
#Fate/Tsukihime - Possess natural Magic Circuits in your body that act as natural magic computers in your body that help you regenerate energy and help you in actualising magic and abilities, as well as numerous other capabilities. The amount of Magic Circuits in your body and their quality are dependent on your energy reserves and energy traits. If you already have Magic Circuits, their quality and quantity are doubled.
243. Nature's Embrace,4.2
#Well, you can officially call Mother Nature mommy so that's nice. Nature itself favors you, trees bend down branches to offer you fresh and healthy fruits, animals and nature-aligned beings favor you and are more affectionate towards you, you know how to maneuver around a forest, and wild animals will help you. You also recover energy faster the closer you are to nature.
244. Nature's Chosen,5.7
#Mother nature has chosen you as her favored one, you receive her protection in forests and nature, wild animals are all friendly toward you and understand your words, the trees part to show you the way, and bounties offer fresh fruit and vegetables, animals and nature aligned beings favor you and are more affectionate towards you, some may even recognize her touch on you. You also recover energy faster the closer you are to nature.
245. Hamon,4.3
#JoJo- You possess a unique physique and affinity, allowing you to instinctively use and master the Hamon breathing technique to utilise the force of Life Magnetism and harness the power of sunlight through your breathing. Practising Hamon for extended periods of time can grant a superhuman physique, vitality, longevity and a bunch of other effects. You can also grant others Hamon Breathing by punching their diaphragms.
246. Gaia's Child,6.8
#You are the child Gaia herself, now mother nature is your actual mom. Anyone trying to attack you in a forest is asking for death as mother nature will actively defend you, branches of trees will move like snakes with spear tips harder than metal, treats will rise and roots will shield you, nature itself treats you like her child. Animals and nature-aligned beings favor you and are more affectionate towards you, some may even recognize her touch on you.
247. Heavy Weapons Guy,3.7
#"I am heavy weapons guy". The heavier the object you wield, the stronger you get in proportion to it, and you do not suffer penalties for wielding weapons heavier than you should be able to comfortably swing around.
248. Superconductor,4.6
#Your body is a funnel and connection for lightning. All Lightning-based abilities are more potent, cost less energy to use, and are easier to master. In addition, you can ground lightning and electricity, absorbing a portion of their energy as you do so.
249. Earthbound Ancient,6.2
#You are one with the primordial earth, all earth-based abilities are far more potent, cost less energy to use, and are easier to master. In addition, you recover energy faster when in standing on ground and even faster the more underground you are.
250. Grounded,4.4
#You embody the immovable earth, all earth-based abilities are more potent, cost less energy to use, and are easier to master. In addition, you recover energy faster when underground.
251. Skyward,4.2
#You belong to the skies, all wind-based abilities are more potent, cost less energy to use, and are easier to master. In addition, you recover energy faster when in the sky.
252. Electric Sheep,3.6
#(Tech)Do robots dream? Well, even if they don't, they certainly think of you. All tinker abilities are easier to use and innovate with, in addition, you can interface with any existing machine and network with greater ease. (A/N: Reroll if you don't have a tinker ability)
253. Flexible,1.7
#You are inordinately flexible, even more so than an expert contortionist.
254. Demon King,5.6
#You are the destined Demon King, all Darkness and Unholy-related abilities and magic are greatly enhanced alongside your physical abilities. this effect is increased if your race is demonic or infernal., you greatly resist all darkness and unholy attributes.Demonic/Infernal beings are more servile to you and it is easier to assert your authority over them and receive their obedience, weaker ones are compelled to serve you. Whenever a creature submits to your rule or to you personally you get slightly stronger depending on their level of power.
255. True Hero,5.8
#You are the True Hero blessed by the divines themselves. All Light and Holy-based abilities are greatly enhanced alongside your physical abilities. Beings aligned with the Divine/Clergy are more favorable toward you and are more likely to view you with reverence and affection, and to reward you for your merits and service to them. In addition, all blessings are stronger and last longer on you. Whenever you are combating a creature in order to save someone you gain a temporary enhancement to all of your stats depending on your willpower and the stakes.
256. Chosen Champion,7.7
#You are the chosen Hero of Humanity. All Light and Holy-based abilities are increased by a rank if they are below Mythical rank and your base physical abilities are massively enhanced. Beings aligned with the Divine/Clergy are more favorable toward you view you with reverence and affection, and reward you for your merits and service to them. All blessings are permanent for you. Whenever you are fighting a creature in order to save someone you gain a temporary enhancement to all of your stats depending on your willpower and the stakes.
257. Alluring Whisper,2.8
#(Nsfw)You have a smooth, buttery and attractive voice that belongs to a top-tier singer, in addition, your voice can impress even the most picky hardasses and used to sound more convincing. Enhances your voice-based abilities.
258. Charisma,2.5
#You have a sort of charismatic presence around you, an aura that just pulls people in and makes you seem like more in their eyes.
259. Sensual Prescence,3.6
#(Nsfw)You are a sensual kind of presence around you, it's not exactly too noticeable but people find themselves more attracted to and aroused by you. The longer they are exposed to your presence the higher the effects, but only works on people friendly to you.
260. Harem Lord,2.7
#You are an aspiring harem enthusiast. Potential partners and society as a whole mind you having a harem a lot less, it still won't be easy building your harem of beauties but it will be a lot less of a hassle.
261. Harem King,3.3
#You are a harem king to be, your preffered partners are more attracted to you and society as a whole does not see a problem with you having a harem. In addition, your partners do not mind you dating others either, they might still have their own problems but the concept of a harem isn't one of them.
262. Camaraderie,3.1
#You build affection, trust and respect with your teammates or allies much faster, especially if you fight alongside them, what better way to build affection after all than overcoming the threat of a violent demise? In addition, you are much better at working together with others.
263. Trustable Face,2.7
#You naturally seem like a dependable and trustworthy guy to people you encounter, making it easier to gain their trust and respect. Does not work on people with a negative opinion of you.
264. Large Pockets,2.6
#Your pockets are deceptively large, any pocket you own that you slip your hand into is 10x large on the inside, this applies to backpacks and such but does not affect the object itself.
265. Conflict Drive,4.7
#"I love a good challenge" Conflict and challenges are attracted to you like a magnet, your life will be challenged and worthy opponents will pop up. But at the same time, conflict means rewards.
266. Challenge DLC,4.0
#Did someone say challenge? A challenge board is added to your gacha, depending on your location, current state and power level you have the option to grab one of 3 challenges from the board as limited-time quests, you can only take one challenge every 48 hours and the board resets every 48 hours. If you fail a challenge the next time you can take a challenge is instead 168 hours later.
267. Relationship Tracker DLC,2.5
#Adds a relationship tracker to the gacha page, showing you your current relationship with people you are interested in and what they think of you, this also logs their interests, likes and dislikes.
268. The Real Weapon,3.6
#There is only one weapon you truly own. And they are they are your very fists. Your physical stats get augmented proportionally to the strongest weapon you own. But the increase in physical stats is negated the moment you wield a weapon of any kind.
269. One with the Blade,4.8
#You are one with your weapon, whatever item you wield gets your physical stats added to its own stats. As long as you are holding it, that copper coin in your hands is tougher than diamond, a regular bronze sword could split the heavens as long as you are strong enough yourself.
270. Caveman,2.5
#Unga Bunga. You are a caveman at heart, giving you enhanced physical strength and endurance. In addition, you are skilled at wielding blunt instruments and toughing it out in the wild.
271. Void Childe,3.4
#You are a child of the void, giving you enhanced spatial awareness, you can sense a portal opening a kilometre away and all Space-based abilities are more potent and you master them faster.
272. Father Time,7.2
#Who knew Time Itself picked favourites? You are immune to all time-based abilities, time travel and paradoxes, even stopping time in the same world as you is completely impossible even for the mightiest gods. In addition, the strain and energy cost of all Time-related abilities and magic is massively reduced and you can ignore the paradox and time resistance of all targets weaker than god level.
273. Shub's Favor,4.8
#Rest assured knowing the biggest milf of all is rooting for you. Thanks to her blessing your vitality and virility are considerably increased. And those with maternal instincts find themselves more attracted to you. You are also assured to be a great father regardless.
274. Yog's Blessing,4.6
#Rest assured knowing that the best girl is rooting for you. Thanks to Yog's blessing you are granted safe passage, all drawbacks from Space-related abilities are mitigated. In addition, they also cost less energy and have far higher range. You also have incredible resistance against Space attribute attacks.
275. Carnal Engine,2.7
#(Nsfw)You are an eternal engine when it comes to carnal activity, while performing sexual actions your stamina recovery, endurance, and resilience are massively boosted, you can go on for literal days without rest.
276. Four Leaf Clover,2.7
#You are pretty lucky, not to the point where it's blatantly supernatural but the scales of fate are skewed towards you.(Does not affect Gacha)
277. Rabbits Foot,3.7
#You are naturally very lucky, being on the good books of lady fate pays off. You can rob a casino blind and in general, things without a high impact on fate go in your favor.(Does not affect Gacha)
278. 21 Leaf Clover,4.7
#You are naturally incredibly lucky. Not enough that someone would consider it a superpower but expect to be called a lucky bastard. It's almost impossible to lose games of chance unless you want to, if it's up to chance, it will land in your favour.(Does not affect Gacha)
279. Fortune's Lover,5.7
#You are absurdly lucky, to the point where even if you did not have any other abilities this alone could be considered an ability. If it's a chance, it's in your favour. Fate is curved in your direction, but not all luck is good. (Does not affect Gacha)
280. Hellsing,4.6
#You are the true hunter of all inhumane, Ghouls, Ghosts, Cryptids, and Demons. When facing anything that fits this category all of your reflexes and skills are enhanced and you enter a special state of focus. In addition, you gain enhanced intuition against any opponent or topic in this category.
281. Marksman,3.7
#You are a natural marksman, giving your exceptional aim and accuracy with most projectiles, especially with stuff like bows and ranged weaponry.
282. Rebellion,4.0
#Whenever you get inflicted with a debuff or a binding your physical stats and magical resistance increase. The more penalties you incur the stronger Rebellion is.
283. Child of Artemis,4.7
#You are a child blessed by Artemis, the goddess of the hunt. Your proficiency and talent with all ranged weapons are greatly increased. In addition, your tracking and wayfinding abilities are enhanced to a supernatural level, allowing you to easily track prey across a country and not get lost in even the deepest of woods.
284. Master of Arms,5.3
#You are a Master of Arms, being able to wield any weapon you lay on your hand as if you have been wielding it for 10 years, in addition, you are able to bypass any requirements a weapon might have to wield it such as being an angel or a chosen hero. In addition, all sentient or conscious weapons adore you and weapons would love to be wielded by you.
285. Qualified,4.8
#Who says you aren't qualified? It says right here! You can wield any item or pass through any door with qualifications. Excalibur wants a worthy wielder? Too bad, you are qualified to wield it whether it likes it or not. Unarmed combat does not count, you have to be holding said weapon, mastery vanishes upon letting go of the weapon you are wielding.
286. Innocuous,3.1
#Look at that face! How can you stay angry at that? People are far more forgiving to you, and they cannot stay angry at you too long. It even works in court.
287. Sharing Is Caring,4.2
#People are naturally much more generous when it comes to you, you can always expect to be paid handsomely when getting compensation, and people rarely keep secrets from you.
288. Lucifer's Child,3.6
#The child of evil shall rebel against the heavens. All of your stats are significantly increased when facing an enemy that is aligned with Holy or Light. But at the same time, you cannot receive blessings or healing from Holy or Light.
289. Nothing Strange,2.5
#There is nothing strange about you. People try to normalize your weirdness or oddities, like why you keep skipping out on class, how you speak weirdly or how it's weird to kiss your relatives in the mouth. Just the normal stuff.
290. Common sense,3.3
#Common sense works differently when it comes to you, people try to rationalize and accept your more unusual or alerting actions. People automatically try to normalize matters related to you but the effect is lessened the more drastic and inexcusable your actions are.
291. Lethal Charm,4.0
#"This could get problematic" The more evil a person is the easier it is for you to gain their favor and affection.
292. Titan Crusher,8.5
#Your body is... unnatural, nobody should hold that much power. Even as a basic human, you can demolish the entire world military with ease, your body is unnaturally strong, however strong you should be you are at least a hundred times stronger than that.
293. Motivational Speaker,3.6
#"Dattebayo!" You are an excellent motivational speaker, whatever corny stuff you speak will actually strike at their heart cords instead of sounding cringy to them. It is far easier to get through to someone even if they are stubborn..
294. Blessing of Isis,4.7
#You are a child blessed by Isis, the goddess of Magic. You learn magic and comprehend magic with ease, in addition, you are able to learn any magic regardless of your affinity or race restriction.
295. Blessing of Durga,4.0
#You are a child blessed by Durga, the goddess of righteous fury. You are immune to corruptive effects and negative effects and mental statuses during combat. In addition, the more evil an enemy is the more advantage you have against them.
296. Blessing of Amaterasu,4.8
#You are a child blessed by Amaterasu, the Goddess of the Sun. You are incredibly resistant against curses and darkness-based attacks while your light-based abilities are much stronger.
297. Blessing of Izanami,4.7
#You are a child blessed by Izanami, the Goddess of the Underworld and Death. You are incredibly resistant to all curses and necrotic effects. In addition your affinity to all Spirit and Death attribute abilities, spells and items are increased. The dead favour you more.
298. Blessing of Hestia,3.2
#You are a child blessed by Hestia, the goddess of Hearth. You have resistance to all mental effects and negative ailments. Your body is way healthier and people feel more comfortable around you due to the natural aura you have around you.
299. Blessing of Bast,2.7
#You are blessed by the goddess Bast, the goddess of Cats and Grace. You have improved cat-like reflexes and agility as well as night vision. In addition, you are beloved by felines.
300. Fertility Calibration,2.2
#You can freely adjust your own fertility, being able to freely go from absolutely inert to being so fertile you can impregnate even someone completely infertile at will. Or depending on your parts, make yourself sterile or rival the Goat of a Thousand Young.
301. Draw of Fate,3.3
#Your fate is strong, things are not moderate for you, destiny curves in your direction like a main protagonist. You have plenty of luck, bad and good.
302. Dealmaker,4.5
#"A Deal's a Deal." Whenever people make a deal with you, they feel compelled to fulfil their end of the deal that they agreed on, so long as the deal was explicit in its conditions(No clever wording or Fae deals). In addition, it's far easier to goad people into making outrageous bets.
303. Hentai Logic,4.8
#(Nsfw)Apparently this world runs on Hentai Logic, objects revolving around you are far more perverted and people's logic is slightly skewed.
304. Ecchi Logic,3.5
#(Nsfw)Apparently this world runs on Ecchi Logic, objects revolving around you are far more perverted and people's logic is slightly skewed.
305. Honesty,2.2
#You have an aura around yourself that seems to garner honesty from people. People are worse at lying around you and feel worse and more remorseful about trying to deceive you.
306. Truthspeaker,4.2
#Whenever you say the truth people will believe your words, although you can change the wording of what you say, you must still believe it to be true yourself.
307. Loyalty,2.7
#People are naturally more loyal towards you, being more willing to put themselves on the line for you and be less inclined to betray you.
308. Vault,3.9
#Information-gathering abilities and technologies start working improperly when it comes to you.
309. Library Mind,2.9
#Your mind is like a library, organized and efficient. Your memory, mental clarity and speed are slightly faster.
310. Embrace,3.8
#Your embrace is soft as a mother's love, your embrace feels, calming, comforting and even therapeutic. Even an evil man might break down crying if you capture them with your loving arms.
311. Transhuman,3.4
#You are a transhuman... or whatever race you are, genetic and mechanical augments work very well with you. You suffer no penalty for changing your race or installing cybernetic implants. Change your body however you'd like, it was meant to be changed anyway.
312. All Trades,3.9
#Didn't even have the dignity to put "Ace of" there. You have a Basic level of mastery over all mundane skills, you know how to cook well enough to not burn eggs, know enough about mechanics to change a lightbulb, know enough how to dance to not tangle your feet, know how to hold a sword to not cut yourself. You are also mildly talented in all fields.
313. Paper Trail,1.8
#For some reason you are always carrying the relevant paper or information with you. And so do your familiars apparently. Just reach into your pocket and you can find whatever legal identification you need.
314. No Strangers,2.1
#(Nsfw)To Love, apparently they are a stranger to it. People don't seem to mind open displays of affection as long as you aren't too overt.
315. No Peeking,5.1
#Information Gathering doesn't work against you, scrying spells fall apart, precognition fails, and cameras stop recording.
316. Battery Saver,4.6
#Whenever you have an ability slot you aren't using, the other abilities cost less energy. If you have 3 slots and only use one, the ability in the first slot is 3x cheaper.
317. Rule 63,3.3
#"Where Banana?" Reality across all of existence has been twisted, warped, retconned and remade to make some men women. Or women men.
318. Monster Mater,2.8
#(Nsfw)"I really shouldn't have sex with that, buuut-" The more monstrous a member of the opposite sex is, the more they are attracted to you. Only works on things you yourself would be attracted to.
319. Musk,2.0
#(Nsfw)Your smell is really good, a bit arousing even.
320. No Enemies,4.8
#"You really don't" Everyone you meet has a good impression of you, even evil dictators, violent murderers or mindless beasts have a decent liking of you as soon as they get to know about you. Only works on named characters.
321. My Friend Now,5.5
#Everyone you meet starts off friendly to you as long as they don't have a preconceived opinion of you. You can walk up to Thanos and open a can of beer with him. Even death seems to like the cut of your gib.
322. Uchiha,5.4
#Naruto - You are a member of the Uchiha Clan, granting you increased martial talent, energy reserves, fire affinity and a natural sharingan that does not take up an ability slot.(Does not give Chakra)
323. Uzumaki,5.9
#Naruto - You are a member of the Uzumaki clan, granting you increased life force and endurance. In addition, you can heal yourself and others by imbuing your blood with your energy and life force. And with training, you can unlock the ability to create sealing adamantine chains capable of suppressing and sealing energy.(Does not give Chakra)
324. Hyuga,5.1
#Naruto - You are a member of the Hyuga clan, granting you increased dexterity, energy reserves and fine control over your body and energy. In addition, you possess a natural Byakugan that does not take up an ability slot. You also may or may not have dormant alien-good genes.(Does not give Chakra)
325. Senju,6.0
#Naruto - You are a direct descendant of Hashirama Senju, granting you greatly increased lifeforce and energy reserves as well as martial prowess. In addition, you possess a natural Wood Release and have increased Natura Affinity.(Does not give Chakra)
326. Hanma,3.5
#Baki - You are a Hanma, you are incredibly genetically gifted, possessing increased resistance to poisons and your physical stats grow way faster. In addition, you have so much testosterone in you, any other men may as well be a girl in comparison. Your talent in martial arts is also greatly increased. If you are female the same effects apply without the testosterone, you are just a genetically gifted freak.
327. Lesser Undead,2.5
#Race - You are a lesser undead, once you get this trait you have to choose between being a zombie or a skeleton. As an undead, you have no stamina and instead consume energy for everything and get unique bonuses and demerits depending on the undead you end up as. Once a race trait is toggled it is permanent until contested.
328. Greater Undead,3.8
#Race - You are a greater Undead, once you activate this trait you transform into a Death Knight or Lich depending on your stats. As an undead, you don't have stamina and consume energy in its stead for everything and get unique bonuses and demerits depending on the undead you end up as.
329. Fishman,4.6
#Race(One Piece) - You are a fishman of a random hybrid, as a Fishman you are naturally stronger than humans with your enhanced physical stats. You can also breathe underwater and possess great water affinity. In addition, you can communicate with seabound creatures and learn Fishman Karate.
330. Lunarian,6.2
#Race(One Piece) - You are a Lunarian, a being of a legendary race. As a Lunarian you have massively increased physical stats, wings and even natural fire manipulation, as long as the fire on your back is lit your durability is massively increased.
331. Nightkin,4.9
#Race(Fate) - A special kind of vampire developed from the blood of a dead apostle. As a Nightkin, you possess superhuman physical and magical abilities and have rewinding regeneration as long as you have blood. You can get stronger and eventually evolve to the next stage of undeath by consuming enough blood.
332. Nightmare,5.2
#Race(Tsukihime) - You are a special kind of vampire known as a Nightmare born from the blood of a Dead Apostle. As a Nightmare, you possess superhuman physical and magical abilities and have rewinding regeneration as long as you have blood. In addition, as a high-rank vampire, you can turn people into ghouls and have your own unique Elite rank ability you can use without an ability slot. You can get stronger and eventually evolve to the next stage of undeath by consuming enough blood.
333. Dead Apostle,6.7
#Race(Tsukihime) - You are a fully realized Dead Apostle, a blight upon the kands and possessing your own ability unique to yourself befitting your rank, granting you an epic ranked ability that does not take up an ability slot. In addition, you have vastly superior physical stats and have time rewinding regenerative immortality as long as you have blood in your body. You can turn humans and animals into your thralls as lower-ranking apostles. The more blood you consume the stronger you get and recover energy.
334. Dead Apostle Ancestor,8.0
#Race(Tsukihime) - You are a true Dead Apostle Ancestor, a crimson stain from the moon to the earth. As a Dead Apostle Ancestor you have immense physical and magical powers, your body naturally rewinds its own time whenever you are injured to restore your health as long as you have blood. You have your own Idea Blood, a Legendary Ability that suits you which you can freely use without an ability slot. Your blood can turn those who ingest it into fully fledged powerful vampires instantly. Any vampire and undead will acknowledge your existence as the ultimate vampire class.
335. Beastkin,3.5
#Race - You are a beastkin of a random animal such as a bear, rabbit cat, wolf etc. granting you enhanced physical stats, night vision as well as unique traits and biological features depending on what you are a hybrid of.
336. Ghoul,4.2
#Race(Tokyo Ghoul) - You are a ghoul, a flesh-eating superhuman with a powerful and flexible unique organ named a Kagune of your choosing. As a ghoul, you also possess formidable regeneration. But as a downside, you cannot digest anything other than human flesh and if you don't you dine for longer than two weeks you will slowly enter a feral state.
337. One-Eyed Ghoul,5.3
#Race(Tokyo Ghoul) - You are a One-Eyed Ghould, which despite how it sounds is more powerful than the average ghoul. As a One-Eyed Ghoul you have superhuman stats and a flexible super organ called a kagune of your choosing. You get stronger by consuming human flesh but unlike a normal ghoul, you don't need to and can simply eat human food.
338. Vampire,3.7
#Race(JoJo) - You are a vampire born of the Stone Mask created by the pillar man Kars. As a vampire you have amped physical stats, the ability to create ghould and vampires as well as manipulate your flesh. But you are deathly vulnerable to sunlight.
339. Pillar Men,4.6
#Race(JoJo) - You are a pillar man whose potential was unlocked by the stone mask. Granting you self bio kinesis, flesh absorption, thrall creation and massively increased physical stats in exchange for being vulnerable to sunlight.
340. Perfect Lifeform,5.8
#Race(JoJo) - You are a perfect lifeform, as a pillar man who had their true potential unlocked by the stone mask used with the super Aja you have enhanced physical and magical stats. In addition as the perfect lifeform, you can freely manipulate your own biology and the shape of your own body.
341. Viltrumite,7.5
#Race(Invincible) - You are a viltrumite, one of the fiercest warrior races of the galaxy. As a vitrumite, you possess an incredibly powerful body and the ability to freely fly. You are almost invulnerable to most things but are vulnerable to a specific sound frequency.
342. Kryptonian,8.8
#Race(DC) - You are a Kryptonian, enough said. Your physical and energy reserves increase the more sunlight you take, in addition, you have heat vision, ice breath, high-speed flight, no need to breathe, tactile telekinesis, X-ray vision, and probably more. Under the yellow sun you are basically a living god.
343. Saiyan,7.0
#Race(Dragon Ball) - You are a Saiyan warrior, having a great natural physique and a monkey tail as a weakness. When exposed to a full moon you turn into a rampaging giant monkey with massively increased stats. Don't expect to be too strong too soon, even Goku needed decades of training from the greatest martial artists.
344. Child of Man,8.4
#Warhammer 40 - You are the child of the God Emperor of Mankind himself, sharing most of his attributes like his gifted physique, charisma, martial prowess, scientific gift and the talent to be possibly the strongest Psyker. You are capable of mastering all Psyker Disciplines(Not related to Chaos) and reaching levels where you may eventually be able to tear apart a planet with your Psyker power alone, as long as you train enough. Your psyker power is not connected to the Warp but emulates its power
345. Majin,7.9
#Race(Dragon Ball) - You are a Majin, a descendant of Majin Buu, possessing a malleable gum-like physique with massively enhanced physical and magical stats. As a Majin you can survive and regenerate if even a handful of your body is left, in addition, you are able to absorb people and objects to strengthen yourself. Alas, you are no Majin Buu, starting off with only greatly superhuman physical abilities and increased energy levels.
346. Rodrigues,2.7
#You are a Brazillian, but not only that, you are a descendant of the legendary Jetstream Sam. Not only do you have the Brazillian ability to double jump but you are also talented in swordsmanship and swordsmithing.
347. Tepes,3.8
#You are a descendant of the legendary Tepes bloodline, the original vampires, or something like that. As a Tepes all Vampirism, Unholy and Hemokinetic abilities are more potent and all undead and vampires are more respectful towards you.
348. Mithril Skeleton,4.1
#Your skeleton is unusually durable, being able to take a lot of punishment before it suffers damage. In addition, it is flexible and conducts energy better. Note that your skeleton isn't real mithril and scales with your physical stats.
349. Adamantium Skeleton,5.7
#"Suck it Wolverine" Your skeleton is incredibly durable and dense, to the point where it seems nigh unbreakable. And unlike a certain angry small man, it doesn't poison you. Note that your skeleton isn't real adamantium and scales with your physical stats.
350. Vibranium Skeleton,6.6
#Your skeleton resembles Vibranium more than regular bone. Being nigh unbreakable and not only that, they are able to absorb and store kinetic energy that you can spend to enhance your physical strength temporarily.  Note that your skeleton isn't real Vibranium and scales with your physical stats.
351. Adamantium Bonding,4.2
#Marvel - Your Skeleton is bonded with Adamantium, making it borderline unbreakable but also severely poisons you. Unless you have countermeasures lined up you should wait before you activate this trait.
352. Sensor,2.9
#You have always had a knack for sensing and locating energy/mana/chakra etc. Your ability to sense and locate energy as well as your Thinker abilities are enhanced.
353. Man vs World,4.8
#It's you against the world. The more you are outnumbered in a fight, the stronger you get. For an enemy to count they must be willing to inflict grievous harm on you. The upper limit is 1 vs 1000, this effect is cut in half for every ally you have against the outnumbering enemies.
354. Duelist,4.1
#It's time to duel! When in a one vs one fight your stats are increased. This trait is dispelled when any other combatant intervenes in the fight. But people are less likely interrupt any duels you get into.
355. Multitasking,3.2
#You are very good at multitasking, being able to divide your attention into multiple sources without a decrease in efficiency. Your efficiency may decline with too many tasks at once.
356. Scavenger,2.4
#Whenever you go scavenging, whether it is for treasure, lost parts, artefacts, etc. You have a better chance of finding something useful.
357. Meet Cute,2.8
#As you go about your daily life, you are much more likely to encounter romantic interests in favourable positions.
358. Blood Mana,2.6
#You've got no energy? Well, you've got something else, don't you? You can treat your own vitality as a secondary mana bar at a 1 to 1 rate of exchange. Expended vitality cannot be cured by healing but only through rest.
359. Angel,3.4
#Race Change - You are an Angel, a being created with holy power, as an angel you have slightly increased physical stats and the ability to fly using your wings naturally. In addition, your Holy and Light-based abilities are more potent along with the ability to use Holy Light(Rare Rank Ability), in exchange all Darkness and Unholy abilities are weakened. You are also vulnerable to unholy attributes.
360. Principality,4.2
#Race Change - You are a Principality, a higher tier angel with two pairs of wings, a being created with holy power, as an angel you have increased physical stats and energy reserves as well as the ability to fly using your wings. In addition, your Holy and Light-based abilities are more potent Holy Light(Rare Rank Ability), in exchange all Darkness and Unholy abilities are weakened. You are also vulnerable to unholy attributes.
361. Dominion,5.4
#Race Change - You are a Dominion, a high-tier angel with three pairs of wings. As a Dominion, you possess increased magical and physical abilities. All Holy and Light attributes are considerably boosted and cost less mana to use. You also possess the ability to convert your own energy to greater holy light(Elite Rank Ability) and instinctively learn Holy and Light Magic. In exchange, all Darkness and Unholy attributes are greatly weakened.
362. Throne,6.5
#Race Change - You are a Throne, one of the highest-ranking angels with four pairs of wings. As a Throne, you possess great physical and magical abilities. All Holy and Light attributes are greatly boosted and cost less mana to use. You are capable of instinctively developing Holy and Light Magic. You also possess the ability to convert your own energy to searing holy light or pure holy energy. In exchange, all Darkness and Unholy attributes are greatly weakened and will hurt you upon use.
363. Seraphim,7.2
#Race Change - You are a Seraphim, the strongest kind of Angel there is, as a being of pure holy power you have 5 pairs of wings. As a Seraphim you have incredible magical and physical power. All Holy and Light abilities and magic you have are boosted by a tier as long as they are legendary rank or below, you are also instinctively capable of using and developing Holy and Light Magic. You can convert your own Mana into a Holy Mana Burst. But in Exchange, you are completely incapable of using all Darkness and Unholy abilities and magic.
364. Student,2.4
#You are a studious student. You learn things faster and easier when taught personally by someone who has a higher skill level than you in the subject in question.
365. Disciple,3.2
#You are a great disciple. You learn things faster and easier when taught personally by someone who has a higher skill level than you in the subject in question. In addition, it is easier to earn the favour of your teachers.
366. Prodigious Pupil,4.1
#You are THE Pupil. You learn things much faster and far more easily when taught personally by someone who has a higher skill level than you in the subject in question. In addition, it is easier to earn the favour of your teachers.
367. The Taker,4.0
#"You wake up with a dream, a harem full of... what the fuck?" You are the Taker, all beings that are either Infernal, Holy or Divine who you are attracted to find themselves more attracted to you and it is easier to earn their affection.
368. Monstergirl Enthusiast,2.5
#(Nsfw)You seem to fancy some interests that most don't. Hybrid Girls or those of the opposite gender with monster or beast traits take more of a liking to you and it is easier to build relationships with them. And some monsters you encounter seem oddly humanoid and... compatible.
369. Reapers Presence,4.4
#Upgrade to Terrifying Presence - The reaper is here and they know it. Your presence is that of nightmares, you can make a grown man shit himself without saying a word. If you want to, every gesture of yours seems like a death threat. Acting like the scariest thing they have seen comes naturally to you.
370. Magic Is Not Real,7.4
#You heard it, it's not real, all just nerds pretending with smoke and mirrors. All magic is completely nullified against you, a god of magic could drop the big bang on you but as long as it was magic you wouldn't get scratched, because magic is not real, obviously. But as magic is not real you also cannot use it to any extent as long as this trait is active.
371. Summoner,4.5
#You are a summoner, summoning and commanding creatures, familiars, spirits and summons come naturally to you. All Familiars get enhanced stats and consume less energy. The potency of all projection-type abilities and spells is increased, it is easier to build affection and loyalty with summons and contracted entities.
372. Brand of Tzeentch,5.8
#Warhammer 40k - You wear the brand of Tzeentch, the Changer of Ways. Greatly speeding up your comprehension and learning abilities. Allowing you to improve in skill and magic far faster. In addition, you are capable of spells that you otherwise wouldn't be able to learn due to restrictions like racial differences. Note: Brands do not connect you to the  Chaos Gods or Warp.
373. Brand of Slaanesh,4.6
#Warhammer 40k - You wear the brand of Slaanesh, the Lord of Pleasure. Greatly increasing your understanding of others, you can vaguely feel the emotions of others, in addition, your presence is naturally more charismatic and alluring to others. Note: Brands do not connect you to the  Chaos Gods or Warp.
374. Brand of Khorne,5.3
#Warhammer 40k - You wear the brand of Khorne, the Blood God. Greatly increasing your propensity for combat, your instincts are greatly heightened in the midst of combat, you have greater intuition into using any weapon or skill in combat, making you a natural killing machine. You can track blood and are able to sense killing intent like it is second nature. Note: Brands do not connect you to the  Chaos Gods or Warp.
375. Brand of Nurgle,5.4
#Warhammer 40k - You wear the brand of Nurgle, the Plague Father. Making you immune to all poisons, toxins, and diseases below Legendary rank and greatly increases your resistance to those above Legendary rank. The brand also heightens your understanding of poisons, toxins, and diseases, increasing the potency of abilities and spells relating to it as well as increasing your ability to cure them. Note: Brands do not connect you to the  Chaos Gods or Warp.
376. Spiral,9.9
#Tengen Toppa Gurenn Lagann - If there is a will there is a way.
377. Monster of God,7.2
#Hellsing | Race Change - You are a monster of god, a being pierced through the heart by Helena's Nail and transformed by it. As a monster of god, you possess monstrous physical stats and are imbued with holy energy so potent even your touch can set a true vampire ablaze. You are able to conjure holy thorned vines from your body and control them freely as if they were limbs and they will protect you on instinct, any unholy touched by vines will be set ablaze by holy fire. You are also completely immortal as long as your heart remains intact as your holy vines will rebuild your body. This does not consume energy or use an ability slot.
378. Magical Girl Transformation,0.3
#All transformations have that overly dramatic Magical Girl Transformation flair to them.
379. Hard to Kill,7.5
#Someone really oughta put you down. You are ordinarily hard to kill, your existence constantly tries to preserve itself, whether that is swapping ability slots and instantly using heal on you when you get shot in the head by an ambush, or whether it is rearranging your insides in any way it can to preserve your life. The closer to death you are the more effective and cost-efficient your abilities are and even at the moment of your death this trait can still use your abilities and items for up to 10 minutes in order to revive or preserve you.
380. Deathless,9.0
#You lack the concept of death. To say you are immortal is wrong, it is more that the concept does not apply to you in the first place, no afterlife can take you nor can you be put down forever by immortal killing weapons. Even if every quark in your body were to be annihilated you would eventually reform.
381. True User,8.0
#You can use any item, ability, or spell without suffering from their drawbacks and instantly meet all qualifications. Whether that be using the Excalibur, Rhongomyniad, Hijacking the Gate of Babylon or using an item with a 99.999% chance to kill you.
382. All Devouring Physique,8.6
#There is something primordial inside you and it devours. Any infiltrator or transgressor in your mind, soul, body or any form of your existence will get devoured. Even a god trying to possess you would get shredded to the ether, even telepathic connections will be torn apart and turned to pure energy to nourish you. May the nuclear chaos have mercy on anything trying to touch your soul.
383. Renown,2.4
#You are quite well known, aren't you? The news of your exploits and accomplishments travel fast. And the effect on your reputation is slightly increased. If you saved a village even the king may learn about it and decide to reward you. Your reputation is always well known if possible.
384. Buerocrats Eye,2.2
#You have the eye of a bureaucrat, allowing you to easily understand all legal jargon and loopholes in contracts as well as being able to quickly brief documents. This will definitely save you some time in any world with an established government.(If not, the ticket this trait came from can be rerolled)
385. Legal Exemption,2.5
#"It has been officially exempted? How? Do not ask." You do not pay taxes or rent as those are waived by the government or the people who want you to pay them. The officials or authority figures may even look over minor crimes or mischiefs and pardon you.
386. Hoarder,3.7
#You are the type to not use your limited items even against the final boss, aren't you? The restock timer and cooldown of all items are halved.
387. Avaricious Greed,7.2
#More more more, you just can't get enough. Restock timers and the cooldown of all Items are reduced by 100x.
388. Blood Demon,5.4
#Demon Slayer - You are a demon transformed by the blood of Muzan. Granting you a superhuman physique and biological immortality, in exchange for being lethally harmed by sunlight and the light attribute. You also develop your own demon blood art that is equal to an uncommon rank ability. Lastly, you need to consume humans to sustain yourself otherwise you will starve to death.
389. Progenitor Demon,6.9
#Demon Slayer - You are a progenitor sharing all of the powers of Muzan Kibitsuji. Allowing you to freely shapeshift and have extremely powerful regeneration as well as the ability to turn others into demons with your own blood in addition to your superhuman physical abilities. But sunlight is extremely lethal to you.
390. Regenerator,4.7
#Your body is unusually receptive to all forms of healing. Your natural regeneration when not affected by anything is increased by 5x and all healing effects you receive are 2x more effective on you.
391. Wardrobe,3.5
#Ever want the advantage of your equipment but don't want to wear it? Perhaps you want the powers and safety of the dread armour without looking like a dark lord? With Wardrobe active any items you put on will be sent to your wardrobe while you still retain their bonuses. But you can't wear two magical items that go on the same part of the body and only wear mundane items while active.
392. Nothing,0.1
#Literally just nothing, it's simply impressive that you got this unlucky.
393. No Weakness,6.0
#You will show no weakness. Any resistance of yours that is in the negatives is automatically set to zero. 8x weak to fire? It's neutral now. Even a shadow demon would be unharmed by light.
394. Beast,9.5
#Fate - You are a beast of Humanity. A being formed from the evil of Humanity and a being that loves humanity. As Beast of Humanity, you possess nigh unlimited magical power and mystery as well as your own Logos or Law that represents your power as well as your own Nega ability, an authority on the level of a Divine ability that does not require a slot to use. You also possess Independent Manifestation and any other powers a beast might otherwise have.
395. Metabolism,1.9
#You have an unnaturally high metabolism, or not. You are able to control your metabolism, allowing you to slow it down to a near stop or speed it up to unnaturally fast levels.
396. Hunger,2.7
#You recover energy and health slightly faster by eating food; the more nutritious the food you eat, the better the recovery.
397. Voracity,3.6
#You are a voraciously hungry one. You digest anything you eat with extreme efficiency, being able to draw out more nutrients and energy from them, allowing you to recover energy and health faster from what you eat. In addition, your stomach is 50x bigger than it should be on the side. You will also never experience digestive issues.
398. Restful,2.4
#"Nap time." Your energy and health recover faster when you are sleeping.
399. Hypnos' Blessing,3.8
#You are blessed by Hynos, the God of Sleep. Whenever you sleep, your health and energy recovery speeds drastically increase. In addition, you are able to fall asleep anywhere and still experience an uninterrupted restful sleep. Blessing needs at least 10 minutes of constant sleeping to start.
400. Inventory DLC,3.8
#You get your very own Inventory Page added to your system! The inventory addon allows you to store objects inside the System as long as their weight does not exceed what you can carry under optimal conditions. Items originating from the gacha are exempt from this and can be stored without problem.
401. Vaunt,3.0
#You're quite vauntful, aren't you? It is easier to increase your fame and gain recognition and rewards for your achievements. In addition, it is easier to assert your achievements and get people to believe what you say.
402. Gloryhound,4.6
#You are a Gloryhound, always seeing the next achievement. You have a sixth sense for opportunity, or more correctly, opportunities that would let you increase your fame and reputation. You have an easier time making people perceive you how you want them to, being able to change your vibe to one that feels dangerous, to comforting, to imposing.
403. King Engine,8.2
#One Punch Man - You have the King Engine in your heart, or more specifically, your heart is really loud in just the right moments. You are a master of bluffing, such that you don't even need to make assertions; they will actively delude themselves about you. As long as you have enough luck to back it up, you are almost invincible.
404. Psyker,5.5
#Warhammer 40k - You are a Psyker, a being who draws power from the Immaterium, only you don't, you emulate their powers through the infinite Chaos instead. And you are able to choose one of the 5 common disciplines to specialise in and be able to wield the powers of(Only one may be chosen, another can be chosen if the trait is rolled again)
405. Greater Psyker,6.5
#Warhammer 40k - You are a Psyker, a being who draws power from the Immaterium, only you don't, you emulate their powers through the infinite Chaos instead. As a greater Psyker, you master your disciplines far quicker and can master the abilities of all 5 common disciplines without any penalty.
406. Psyker(Biomancy),4.8
#Warhammer 40k - You are a Psyker, a being who draws power from the Immaterium, only you don't, you emulate their powers through the infinite Chaos instead. As a Psyker specialising in Biomancy, you are able to train yourself in the ways of manipulating the flesh of friend and foe with your mind. (You can only train in the specialised disciplines capabilities) Spell List: https://warhammer40k.fandom.com/wiki/Psyker#Biomancy_Discipline
407. Psyker(Pyromancy),4.2
#Warhammer 40k - You are a Psyker, a being who draws power from the Immaterium, only you don't, you emulate their powers through the infinite Chaos instead. As a Psyker specialising in Pyromancy, you are able to train yourself in the ways of creating fire from your mind and weaving it into great firestorms and attacks. (You can only train in the specialised disciplines capabilities) Spell List: https://warhammer40k.fandom.com/wiki/Psyker#Pyromancy_Discipline
408. Psyker(Telekinesis),4.9
#Warhammer 40k - You are a Psyker, a being who draws power from the Immaterium, only you don't, you emulate their powers through the infinite Chaos instead. As a Psyker specialising in Telekinesis, you are able to train yourself in the ways of manipulating space and the material world with your mind. (You can only train in the specialised disciplines capabilities) Spell List: https://warhammer40k.fandom.com/wiki/Psyker#Telekinesis_Discipline
409. Psyker(Telephathy),5.1
#Warhammer 40k - You are a Psyker, a being who draws power from the Immaterium, only you don't, you emulate their powers through the infinite Chaos instead. As a Psyker specialising in Telepathy, you are able to train yourself in the ways of binding the wills and minds of those around you (You can only train in the specialised disciplines capabilities) Spell List: https://warhammer40k.fandom.com/wiki/Psyker#Telepathy_Discipline
410. Psyker(Divination),5.3
#Warhammer 40k - You are a Psyker, a being who draws power from the Immaterium, only you don't, you emulate their powers through the infinite Chaos instead. As a Psyker specialising in Divination, you are able to train yourself in the ways of uncovering the past, present and future of the world around you (You can only train in the specialised disciplines capabilities) Spell List: https://warhammer40k.fandom.com/wiki/Psyker#Divination_Discipline
411. Old Blood,6.3
#Bloodborne - You have the blood of the Great Ones running through your veins. You have greater vitality and energy thanks to the Old Blood which also grants you resistance against Esoteric effects. The concentration of mystery in your blood increases your energy reserves and makes it easier for you to learn, understand and train Magic and Estoric Arts. Finally, your blood has healing properties that scale with your vitality, but those who ingest too much may be affected by your corruptive presence. If you want, you can exert greater influence over those who consume your blood.(You are not an actual Great One)
412. Salty Tears,0.1
#Your tears are now twice as salty.
413. Lucky Romantic,2.5
#Your luck with your romantic life seems to be substantially increased.
414. Cupid's Blessing,3.8
#Your luck with your romantic life seems to be greatly increased. Remember to thank Cupid.
415. Blessing of Zeus,3.7
#(Nsfw)You are a child blessed by Zeus; there is nothing you can't fuck. What did you expect? You gain increased charisma, fertility and talent in the carnal arts. Changer abilities are easier to use and cost less energy to use and maintain. ...Oh, and your lightning-based abilities are stronger too.
416. Infinity,9.1
#You possess an infinite source of energy for every use, magical power, stamina, soul energy, whatever you need. In addition, your energy output is massively increased. Even a common rank fire ability could dwarf nuclear bombs ten times over.
417. Absolute Victory,9.7
#You will win, there is absolutely no way you won't. Reality passively eliminates outcomes where you fail to accomplish your objective. As long as you actively pursue your goal, you will succeed somehow. The degree of success may depend on your own abilities.
418. Immortality,9.4
#No rhetoric or any other outcome, you are immortal in every way that matters. You regenerate faster than the eye can see, even if the universe were to collapse into you, even if the One Above All tried to erase you, you would simply regenerate back, even from absolute nothingness. Perhaps you could even survive the Blind Idiot.
419. Elemental Immunity,8.1
#You are absolutely immune to all damage from attacks of natural elements such as Fire, Water, Earth, Wind, Light and Dark. Even a Supernova or an Absolute Zero won't even scuff your clothes. But physical attacks and unreal elements such as Space, Time, Raw Energy can get past your defences.
420. The Absorber,9.1
#You are the absorber; your body and soul can absorb anything. Especially Energy. You would survive being dropped into the sun because your body could soak up all of the heat energy and convert it into your energy reserves. The speed and degree of absorption scale with your stats, but even as a base human, nothing short of a nuclear bomb could get past your basic absorption.
421. Cosmetic Calibration,1.8
#While cosmetic calibration is active, changes such as transformations or race changes will not affect your looks in ways you view as undesirable.
422. Imp,2.1
#Race Change - You are an Imp, a low rank Demon. As an Imp, you have increased physical and magical stats. In addition, your affinity towards Unholy, Darkness and Fire is increased. But you are also made vulnerable to holy, light and exorcisms.
423. Demon,3.7
#Race Change - You are a demon, a middle rank infernal being. As a demon, you have augmented physical and magical stats. You possess a greater affinity towards Unholy, Darkness, Infernal and Fire. But are vulnerable to Holy, Light, Divine and Exorcisms. You can also turn your body parts into natural weapons, such as sharp teeth and claws.
424. Fiend,4.9
#Race Change - You are a Fiend, a high rank infernal demon. As Fiend, you have considerable physical and magical abilities. You also have a greater affinity towards Unholy, Darkness, Infernal and Fire, being able to master abilities and spells related to them much faster along with the ability to naturally create Hell Flame(Rare Rank Ability). But as a High Rank Demon, you are rendered incredibly vulnerable to Holy, Divine, Light and Exorcisms.
425. Archfiend,5.7
#Race Change - You are an Archfiend, a Demon Noble. As an Archfiend, you have greatly superhuman stats and potent magical abilities, as well as a presence that allows you to command respect and fear in Infernals weaker than yourself. You have an incredible affinity with Unholy, Darkness, and Infernal, allowing you to utilise related abilities and spells to a greater degree along with the ability to naturally create Hell Flame(Rare Rank Ability). But you cannot utilise Holy and Light under normal circumstances, and are rendered vulnerable against them. You have the ability to unleash your demonic power, taking on a more demonic appearance, which will drain your energies faster, but augment your stats further and allow you to imbue your abilities with the Darkness attribute.
426. True Demon,6.8
#Race Change - You are a True Demon, a Demon Royalty. As a pure demon, you possess incredible Physical and Magical might. The true blood in your veins allows you to command Infernals below your rank, which can be resisted somewhat by those of powerful will. Your affinity with Darkness, Infernal and Unholy is unmatched, and you can naturally convert your energy into Dark or Unholy attributes along with the ability to naturally create Greater Hell Flame(Elite Rank Ability), but cannot utilise Holy or Light under normal circumstances. You are also rendered vulnerable to Holy. You can unleash your True Demon form, assuming a more demonic appearance and augmenting your stats while increasing your energy drains considerably.
427. Daemon,7.7
#Race Change - You are a Daemon; considering you as simply an infernal being is not quite right. As a Daemon, you possess superhuman physical abilities, but incredible Magical Power and Energy Reserves as well as regeneration. You possess an incredible affinity with Darkness, Infernal and Unholy, being able to make up your own spells on the spot and massively amplifying the potency of related abilities and spells. Once unleash your true spirit form, your maximum health and regeneration gets converted to your magical power and become incorporeal, massively amplifying your energy output while being able to imbue your powers with Unholy and Darkness energy. Since vitality is replaced with your energy, as long as you have energy, you cannot die.
428. Demon Kaiser,7.7
#Race Change - You are a Demon Kaiser, a primordial Infernal. As a Kaiser, you possess increased magical ability and massively amplified physical abilities and regeneration, being able to flatten hills with your fists at base. As the Kaiser, you are able to bend any weaker Infernal to your will. Your affinity with Infernal and Unholy abilities is incredible, allowing you to augment related abilities to a higher tier as long as they are below Legendary rank. You are also rendered vulnerable to Holy and Light. By unleashing your True Kaiser form, your physical stats are massively amplified, and you gain incredible magical resistance, as well as losing your vulnerability to Holy and Light, but your energy consumption is amplified, and once you run out of energy, the form gets dispelled.
429. Augmented,2.6
#(Tech)Race Change - You are a converted, half-flesh and half-machine. As an Augmented, you possess increased physical stats and have increased energy reserves. You possess an increased affinity with Tinker abilities and technology, as well as interfacing. But you are also rendered vulnerable to Electricity and Interfacing.
430. Android,3.7
#(Tech)Race Change - You are an android, a higher class of machine-flesh hybrid. As an Android, you possess increased physical abilities and energy reserves. Your natural energy regeneration is lessened, but you can charge yourself like a machine. Your effectiveness when wielding Tinker abilities and technology is increased. But you are also rendered vulnerable to Electricity and Interfacing. You also possess basic augments such as a computer in your head and retractable mantis blades in your arms and legs(Cyberpunk). You can also tinker with yourself to change your body to an extent(You still have fleshy bits).
431. Advanced Android,4.8
#(Tech)Race Change - You are a more advanced model of an android. As an Advanced Model, you possess superhuman physical abilities and increased energy reserves. Your natural energy regeneration is lessened, but you can charge yourself like a machine. Your Tinker abilities are more efficient and progress faster, and your capacity to handle technology is greatly increased. But you are also rendered vulnerable to Electricity and Interfacing. As an Advanced Model, you possess augments such as a powerful computer integrated in your body and multiple combat implants such as Projectile Launcher System, Gorilla Arms and Mantis Blades from Cyberpunk. You can also tinker with yourself to change your body to an extent(You still have fleshy bits).
432. Biodroid,5.0
#(Tech)Race Change - You are the seamless merging of technology and flesh, making you an incredibly effective Bio Android. Granting you increased physical abilities and increased energy reserves, as well as a natural healing factor. You have increased affinity with Tinker abilities and machines, as well as being able to converse and interface with machines.
433. Full Conversion,5.5
#(Tech)Race Change - You are a fully converted Cyborg with minimal flesh. You do not regenerate energy naturally and instead are able to absorb outside sources of compatible energy to recharge yourself. Your Tinker abilities are far more efficient, and you are able to seamlessly interface with technology. You possess multiple Augments, such as a basic supercomputer and VI, and you are capable of integrating compatible technology into your body. You are equipped with basic combat implants such as hidden Machine guns and a pair of mantis blades in each limb. You can also tinker with yourself to change your body to an extent(You still have fleshy bits). But you are incapable of benefiting from biology-based abilities affecting you.
434. Mechlord,6.7
#(Tech)Race Change - You are a Mechlord, a Higher Class of Machine-Flesh hybrid. As Mechlord, you possess superhuman stats and incredible energy storage. While your natural energy regeneration is lacking, you are able to absorb the energy reserves of machines around you. Your efficiency with Tinker abilities is incredible, and any machine or technology you wield gains increased performance scaling with your capabilities. You are also able to convert and command technology and AI below your rank to act in your will, with the effectiveness being dependent on the power difference between you and the target. You can also integrate outside technology into your body and use them as augments. You also get 3 Silver-tier Tech item rolls as augments to start with.
435. The Prime,7.8
#(Tech)Race Change - You are the Prime unit, the highest tier of Machine-Flesh hybrid. As the Prime unit, you possess massively increased Physical Stats and Energy Reserves. You can absorb the energy from machines and compatible energy sources. All Tinker abilities are made incredibly more efficient, and you can reconfigure your body to emulate tech from your Tinker abilities. You can also decipher and learn other tech incredibly fast. All Technology and Virtuals below your rank are bent to your will and cannot contest your authority as the Prime Unit. You can seamlessly absorb and integrate outside technology of the same rank as you or below into yourself. You also get 3 gold-tier Tech item rolls as augments to start with.
436. Vital,3.8
#You have greatly increased vitality, allowing you to heal from wounds faster, resist poisons and illnesses better, be more virile, have an increased lifespan and overall be unbelievably healthy. Your natural healing speed can be compared to a slight healing factor, but you will need to eat a lot to compensate.
437. Marathoner,3.5
#You have greatly increased stamina, you can perform strenuous activities for longer and recover from the exhaustion caused by them far quicker.
438. Racer,3.7
#"It was originally going to be -ist". You possess greatly increased agility, allowing you to move considerably faster with your body and increasing your reflexes and coordination to match.
439. Tough as Nails,3.6
#You are tough as nails, granting you significantly increased durability and endurance. Allowing you to resist stronger blows with less damage and recover from injuries faster(not healing), you are capable of powering through attacks more effectively.
440. Brawler,3.4
#You possess greatly increased physical strength, allowing you to exert more force with your body than you otherwise would have been able to and punch way harder than you should be able to.
441. Surging Vitality,4.8
#You are indordinately vital. You are extremely healthy, being immune to mundane sicknesses and poisons, and the usual genetic vulnerabilities of your body are negated. Your natural healing is closer to a minor healing factor than regular recovery. You also possess an incredible lifespan; you will live to see at least your late hundreds.
442. Like the Wind,4.7
#You move like the wind, you possess greatly augmented Agility, making you faster, nimbler, in addition to augmenting your reflexes and coordination.
443. Resistant,4.5
#You are incredibly tough, granting you greatly increased natural resiliance, allowing you far greater punishment than you should otherwise be able to endure.
444. Power Lifter,4.4
#You are a natural-born strongman, or more like a stronger man. You possess greatly enhanced physical strength, allowing you to exert far more physical force with your body than you otherwise would be able to.
445. Lil' Hermes,5.7
#You are an aspiring divine messenger apparently(Flavor Text). Your natural agility is greatly enhanced, making you faster and increasing your reaction speeds appropriately. In addition, all Mover abilities are slightly more potent and cost less energy to use.
446. The Wall,5.8
#"You can't go through it, and you can't knock it down!" You are the Wall, possessing extreme natural resiliency, even as a base human, bullets simply bounce off your chest, and knives break against your skin. You also possess natural magical resistance that scales with your physical stats, although it does not match your endurance.
447. Ichor,5.9
#It is Ichor that flows through your veins, granting you extreme vitality and a natural healing factor as well as incredible poison and disease resistance. Even as a regular human, you will live to see your late thousands. Your blood also has healing properties and is an excellent potion ingredient.
448. Edible Fluids,1.2
#Somehow, in some way, your bodily fluids such as sweat, saliva, blood, and ejaculate, are nutritionally and calorically dense while also being very healthy. They are also taste surprisingly good. Consuming your own fluids does nothing for you.
449. Midi-Chlorians,6.3
#Star Wars - Your biology is unique; it contains special microscopic lifeforms that are attuned to the Force. Allowing you to train yourself in the ways of the force, the Midichlorian count in your body is dependent on your stats and traits. The higher your midichlorian count, the more potent your connection to the force, and the faster you can master force-related abilities.
450. Deus Eggs Machina,0.8
#You will be able to find a regular chicken egg anywhere in opportune moments.
451. Drunk Driver,0.9
#"It's the drunk crashers that give drunk drivers a bad name." The more inebriated you are, the more skilled you are at driving and operating vehicles.
452. Ceaseless Discharge,0.9
#(Nsfw)"Not the one you are thinking of" Your cum refills almost instantly, and the volume of your ejaculations is substantially increased.
453. Scarousing,3.3
#For some reason, the scarier you act, instead of being rightfully terrified, people that you consider potential partners are also equal parts aroused by you. The mind works in mysterious ways.
454. Larger than Life,1.4
#People feel like your presence is larger than it should be. Even if you are a head shorter than them, it will still feel like you are towering over them.
455. Speak of the Devil,4.8
#-And they shall appear. You become instantly aware of the location of someone in relation to you whenever they say your name while intending you. You are able to sense their location for around 5 minutes when they speak your name like a GPS, and can use them for anchors for stuff like teleportation abilities or Curses.
456. Wolfkin,3.5
#Race Change - You are a Wolfkin, a half beast with the traits of a Wolf, including wolf ears, tail, retractable claws and sharp teeth. In some individuals, the wolf traits may show up as more dominant. You possess increased physical abilities and senses as well as a fierce hunting instinct. You are also able to convey your intent to other animals, even if you cannot understand them back.
457. Lycantrophe,4.7
#Race Change - You are a Lycanthrope, a half wolf who can change into their Werewolf form at will. Depending on the amount you tap into your transformations by, your physical stats are augmented, and so are your instincts, including the animalistic ones. But as a regular lycanthrope, you cannot spread your lycanthropy. You are also able to communicate better with Beasts and have a greater affinity towards Changer powers, increasing their potency and efficiency.
458. Lycan Alpha,5.8
#Race Changer- You are an Alpha Lycan, a ruler among werebeasts and a half wolf. You can tap into your bestial side at will and transform into a Werewolf or a full wolf. Doing so greatly augments your physical stats and grants you powerful claws and teeth while massively amplifying your senses and instincts. As an Alpha, you are able to turn others into Lesser Lycans, werewolves under your command. All Beasts perceive you as having greater authority and presence due to your potent blood.
459. Lunar Lycan,6.5
#Race Change - You are a Lunar Lycan, a Royal Lycantrophe blessed by the moon. You can tap into your bestial side at will and transform into a Werewolf or a full wolf. Doing so massively increases your physical and magical stats, alongside massively amplifying your senses. The blessing of the moon increases your resistance to magic and esoteric effects while increasing your affinity towards all magic. As a Royal Lycantrophe, you are able to convert others into Lesser Lycantrophes to Greater Lycantrophes that share the same blessing of the moon and placing them under your command as their alpha.
460. Managarmr,7.8
#Race Change - You are the Child of the Moon Devouring Wolf, the pinnacle of Lycantrophy. As a divine lycanthrope, you can tap into your Bestial side at will, transforming you into a hybrid or a titanic wolf you can control the size of. Granting you extremely increased physical stats, godlike instincts, and senses. You are able to devour anything; your jaws and claws can rend even space and rip apart anything, even magic and divine flesh. Anything you eat will be destroyed and converted to magical power. You are able to grant your blessing to others, transforming them into Lycantrophes. In addition, you possess authority over all beasts and beastkin below legendary rank. And even those resistant to the effect understand your royal authority.
461. Trainee Tinker,3.0
#You are a Tinker who just started their journey. The efficiency of all Tinker abilities are slightly enhanced; you are faster and more resourceful when building technological constructs.
462. Pugilist Apprentice,3.1
#You are a Pugilist who has just embarked on their path. You learn and train Martial Skills faster, and your natural intuition for combat and martial arts is heightened.
463. Nascent Esper,3.2
#You are an Esper who has just started blooming their latent talent. You train and master abilities slightly faster and have a better instinct for how to handle and use them. All ability cooldowns are decreased by 20%.
464. Initiate Magician,3.3
#You are a Magician who has just embarked on their journey into the mystical. You are able to learn, memorise and master spells faster as well as cast them more efficiently. The penalties for learning a magical system that is not your own are mitigated.
465. Incubus/Succubus,4.0
#Race Change - You are a dream demon, one that sucks on the vitality of your victim as a Succubus/Incubus. You are more attractive and alluring to your preferred partners. You also possess slightly superhuman stats and increased magical power. You are also able to sense arousal, peek into dreams and subtly influence them as well as shapeshift according to your partner's preferences. The potency of all Lewd abilities and spells are increased.
466. Long Live the King,4.8
#May his reign last a thousand years. People who are even at least a bit loyal towards you are much more loyal towards you, and it is easier to earn people's loyalty. People who view you in a favourable light are more willing to make sacrifices for your sake.
467. Tickets Please,3.3
#Allows you to withdraw your tickets as physical, tangible tickets that you can hand over to other people. If someone else rips the ticket, they will get the result of the roll instead, subject to the same rules as the user.
468. Swiper no Swiping!,2.6
#You cannot be stolen from. Whatever item you own that is taken without your consent is returned to your possession in a convenient location.
469. Trade-In,5.7
#When you roll a ticket, you have the option to reroll it, but with its rarity lowered by a stage(Platinum to Gold, Gold to Silver, etc.), don't blame the gacha if it doesn't work out.
470. Sea Serpent,5.9
#You are a Sea Serpent or a Hybrid, a true apex predator of the seas. You are able to unleash your Sea Serpent characteristics, either turning into your Hybrid form or full Sea Serpent size. You also possess greatly superhuman physical abilities and are empowered when wet or underwater. All Water-based abilities cost less energy to use and are more potent. But you are vulnerable to dying out, which will drastically reduce all of your stats.
471. Leviathan,7.5
#Race Change - You are the Leviathan, the creature that lies in the deep and pinnacle of sea life. You can hide your nature and unleash it, either turning into your full Leviathan form or a hybrid form. As the Leviathan, you have tremendous physical abilities and incredible water affinity, but are unable to use fire-based abilities or spells. Your water affinity is at a level where any water-based ability below Legendary level gets raised by 1 rank(Rare to Elite), and you are able to use any water ability rare rank or below. All of your physical and magical abilities are massively amplified when you are underwater, to the point where it would be foolish for even a god to challenge you underwater. But getting dried out also massively reduces your abilities.
472. Jormungandr,7.8
#Race Change - You are the kin of Jormungandr, the World Serpent. You can unleash your characteristics, either turning into a hybrid form or a full-sized world serpent to activate your full capabilities. As a Jormungandr, you possess extreme physical stats, especially strength and endurance. Your venom is one that can bring the strongest of gods to their knees, and wounds you inflict are impossible to heal except by the strongest of healing gods.
473. Nekomata,5.8
#Race Change - You are a Nekomata, a powerful cat yokai with a forked tail. As a Nekomata, you can shapeshift into a human and cat form at will, and you possess enhanced energy reserves and energy regeneration. Due to your nature as a Nekomata, you possess a great affinity towards Necromancy, increasing the potency and efficiency of all Soul and Necromancy-based abilities and spells. You can also naturally use Animate Undead(Elite rank ability) and are able to conjure ghostflames.
474. Sköll,7.7
#Race Change - You are the child of Sköll, the Sun Devouring Wolf. As the Child of Sköll, you are able to manifest and hide your Lycanthropic nature at will; unleashing your nature grants you an extreme increase in Physical and Magical power. As the Sun Devourer, you have immense Fire affinity, massively boosting the potency and efficiency of any Fire-based ability you use. In addition, you absorb sunlight and convert it into energy and are passively stronger under the sun. You are able to grant your blessing to others, turning them into Lycantrophes under your command. You also have the ability to devour "Energy", allowing you to eat spells, magical constructs or high-energy objects to temporarily add them to your energy reserves and increase the maximum amount of energy you can hold.
475. Nemean,7.8
#Race Change - You are the Nemean Lion, being able to switch between your base form and being able to reveal your Lion Form and in between. You possess indomitable physical stats and a nigh invulnerable skin even gods envy. Your skin grants you defence against everything, and I mean everything that scales with your physical stats. Even if it cuts space, even if it burns the soul, even if it curses you, even if it erases you from existence, it has to contend with your resilience and still gets its effects reduced if not outright negated, depending on the power of the attack compared to your defence.
476. Vile Temper,4.8
#Your body is tempered by the Vile. When you are afflicted by diseases or poisons, your body uses them as fuel to become stronger and develop a stronger immune system. The stronger and more exotic disease or poison you are inflicted with, the faster your body will increase its physical stats and develop its immune system.
477. Glowing One,5.0
#You passively absorb radiation with your body like a sponge, using it to fuel your body and energy and consuming it in the process. Absorbing enough radiation, such as Gamma Radiation, X-rays, and even ultraviolet radiation, will have an effect of permanently increasing your physical stats and energy reserves proportional to how much you absorb. You are also immune to the negative effects of radiation and recover stamina and energy faster when exposed to it. While sunlight would have a negligible effect, eating some radium chips would probably act like cultivation pills for you.
478. Soul Vessel,5.5
#Hollow Knight - You are a vessel, capable of absorbing and channelling "soul" to either yourself by focusing or training to use it in Shaman spells as Howling Wraiths, creating Soul Nails, short-range teleportation, and other such spells. You gain soul by inflicting injuries on living beings, and your maximum storage scales with your maximum energy, but is distinctly separate.
479. Ambidexterous,1.2
#You are perfectly ambidexterous, you can use both of your arms and hands as if they were both dominant hands. The same applies to all of your limbs, perfectly balanced, as all things should be.
480. Tune Up,3.3
#You have received a body tune-up, an upgrade to every aspect of your body, slightly increasing all of your physical stats, your energy reserves, and most importantly, fixing all of the physical or genetic problems ailing in your body at the moment of you rolling this trait.
481. Greater Beastkin,4.4
#Race Change - You are a greater beastkin, a creature that is half beast and half whatever you are. As a Greater Beastkin, you possess superhuman physical abilities and enhanced natural senses and instincts. You possess more affinity towards nature-based abilities and spells, allowing you to utilise them more effectively. Your Beast side is powerful too; even simple cat claws are tough as iron. (Chosen beast is decided by the writer, not an in-story choice)
482. Noble Beastkin,5.7
#Race Change - You are a Noble Beastkin, a beast hybrid that has mystical blood running through their veins. You possess potent physical abilities and greatly enhanced senses depending on your race; your natural instincts are very potent. You possess a greater affinity towards Changer and Nature-based abilities, allowing you to utilise them to greater effect with more finesse. You also possess control over your beast side, being able to completely suppress your traits or completely transform into your beast side. It is easier to command respect from beast-aligned beings.
483. Royal Beastkin,6.1
#Race Change - You are a Royal Beastkin, a powerful beast hybrid that has potent royal blood running through their veins. You possess great physical strength and incredibly honed enhanced senses with slight differences according to the race of your beast side. Your natural fighting instincts are strong enough to compete with trained fighters without having training beforehand. You possess a great affinity toward changer abilities, making them more efficient and easier to control. You possess incredible control over your beast side, being able to completely suppress your beast side or completely transform into it and anything in between. Your royal blood also grants you increased charisma and an authoritative presence, which is far more effective against beast-aligned beings.
484. Nephalem,8.7
#Race Change - You are a Nephalem, an impossible union of a Daemon and Seraphim. You possess immense power, both magical and physical. All Holy, Light, Darkness and Infernal abilities are increased by one tier and cost significantly less energy. You can naturally convert your energy into either Darkness or Holy mana bursts.
485. Provocative,2.6
#You are very good at getting under people's skin, whether it is angering them or breaking their mask of stoicism with a joke or a flirty remark. It is harder for people to keep their composure around you.
486. Steel Man,4.1
#You have a heart of steel that can endure any hardship, your body is like a machine that needs less than even the bare minimum. You only need 1/100th of the sustenance you would normally need; you can go entire years without eating and months without drinking a drop of water, you even need 1/100th of the sleep you usually need, having to sleep every few months or so even as a regular human being.
487. Blacklight Physique,7.4
#Prototype - Race Change - Your previous genetic material has been completely assimilated, turning you into a living mass of Blacklight Virus. Even at your base, you can smash apart tanks and run faster than cars. You are also able to regenerate by assimilating biological matter. As long as you have even a fist-sized mass of Blacklight left that makes up your core, you will still live. Any biological part you consume, you are able to analyse and replicate. The stronger the target you assimilate is, the harder it is to assimilate them.
488. Dragonlord,7.0
#Elden Ring - Race Change - You are the hatching of Placidusax, the Dragonlord. As a Royal Ancient Dragon, albeit a child, you possess greatly superhuman physical abilities and greatly increased magical powers. You can shift between your 5-headed ancient dragon form and humanoid form at will; the size of your dragon form is dependent on your power level and your maturity. You possess gilded gravel scales that give you incredible resilience, and in addition, as the child of Placidusax, you are able to breathe out incinerating golden flames and manifest crimson dragon lightning. A trait unique to your lineage, you possess immense time affinity, allowing you to learn time spells on your own with your natural inclination towards it. But even with your talent, time is not trifling power and mastery over it will take a very, very long time.
489. Everlasting Dragon,6.8
#Dark Souls - Race Change - You are an Everlasting Dragon, a being before the existence of time and light, well, you are a hatching of an Everlasting Dragon at least. As an Everlasting Dragon, you possess greatly superhuman stats and magical abilities. But most of all, you possess the Stone Scales of Immortality. While in your dragon form, as long as your scales are on, you are incredibly resilient towards any attack, as if they were made of adamantium with similar resistance to magic, as well as great regenerative abilities. But when struck by lightning or a greatly powerful attack, your scales are rended from your flesh, and you lose your increased durability. You are able to shift between your base form and dragon form at will.
490. Nidhogg,7.8
#Race Change - You are a descendant of Nidhogg, the mythical dragon of Death and Decay. You are able to swap between your base form and Nidhogg at will; the degree of transformation dictates the amount of power you have access to. You possess tremendous physical abilities and incredibly potent and dense magical energy. You possess an overwhelming affinity towards necromancy, being able to naturally revive the dead into undead under your command and massively boosting the potency and efficiency of any necromancy-based abilities or spells you use. Your dragon breath has the concept of decay distilled into itself, decaying whatever it touches, down to the flesh, down to the soul, down to the existence. Effectiveness varies depending on the target and their power level.
491. Gift of Nyar,4.9
#You have been given a gift by Nyarlathotep, the Crawling Ones. All Stranger abilities are made more potent and cost energy to use. You are more proficient in deception, obscurification and acting.
492. Hydra Heart,7.8
#Your heart is that of a Mythical Hydra, granting you Epic-level regeneration that expends your stamina and energy to work. In addition, you possess 9 lives. Every time your heart or head is destroyed, you will almost instantly be restored to the peak of your health with all negative conditions cleansed. Any resurrection effect, Legendary rank and above, can be used to restore a life.
493. Ork Colour Theory,4.5
#Warhammer 40k -You have a PHD in the study of Ork Colour Theory. Allowing you to paint things to get the benefits that Orks do. RED IZ FASTA, BLACK IZ TOUGHA, YELLOW IZ BIG BOOM, PURPLE IS SNEAKYY, BLUE IZ LUCKER AND GREEN IZ DA BEST. For a target to benefit from this effect, you must be the one to paint it yourself.
494. Reapers Writ,5.4
#Death itself has given you permission to kill anything, and reality shall obey. When facing a target with Immortality, you are capable of nullifying their immortality. Any lethal blow to your land that would otherwise kill them without their immortality will enact absolute death on them, and prevent their resurrection unless you declare that they can live. Even a god, even an avatar, even a spirit, you will strip away their immortality.
495. Introspection,1.8
#You are very well aware of how you are. You know when you are affected by what effects, when you are poisoned, when you are feeling ill or uncomfortable. Nothing about you escapes your attention.
496. Insurance Policy,4.7
#It's quite a shame when your beloved Familiars die, that's why you should always get them insured. Whenever a familiar of yours dies, they will get revived in your familiar space, but in the process of reviving they will be using your energy reserves to heal themselves and be left in a temporary weakened state for several days afterwards. If you have a familiar that automatically revives, they revive 50% faster and need 50% less energy to revive.
497. Psionic,4.5
#You are a psionic, someone who specialises in the Mind and Mental world. Granting you greater control and finesse over your mental abilities and making them more efficient to use. You also train mental abilities faster and have a better natural grasp of them.
498. Netoranger,2.8
#(Nsfw)You are a Netoranger; no relationship is sacred to you. It is easier to get people to betray their loved ones for you, and people in relationships find themselves more attracted to you.
499. Natural Restoration,5.3
#Your natural healing works differently; instead of regenerating, your body heals itself at the same speed as your natural regeneration, but instead restores your body to its most healthy state constantly, affecting even curses, diseases and afflictions. Of course, the more severe an effect, the longer and harder it is for you to get restored to full condition.
500. Tune Up,3.3
#Your body has received a Tune Up, all previous health complications have been erased, and your body has been altered to become improved, increasing your latent genetic potential and giving you a fit and incredibly healthy body.
501. Code of Immortality,7.6
#Code Geass - You are marked by the Code of Immortality by an imitation of C's World. Whenever you get fatally wounded, are sick or are otherwise unable to function, parts of you will get instantly replaced by a pocket dimension constantly producing replacement parts for your existence, constantly keeping you healthy, ageless and alive. This includes your mind and soul. The only way to keep you dead is to either separate you from your dimension, exhaust your lives faster than they can be reproduced or kill you with a spatial attack. In addition, you are capable of granting individuals Geass', a power over that manifests in their eyes, the exact function and power of which depends on the potential of the individual. You can always sense the individual you have given a Geass to, and those they deem closest to them.
502. Shoebody,1.8
#"Bop!" Your skull is unusually durable, and not only that, but headbutt and skull-based attacks are more potent.
503. Silkheart,5.2
#Silksong - Allows you to naturally turn your energy reserves into Silk, you can manipulate this silk as if it were a part of your body and dissolve it at will. You can control this silk to perform a wide variety of Silk Arts, such as shooting needles of silk, whipping it around, using it to bind your own wounds, etc.
504. Chaos Response,4.3
#Your existence is chaos as defined by the chaos gacha, automatically causing feedback to whatever tries to peek into your existence. Future seeing gets scrambled and incoherent, abilities that try to read into you will malfunction and trying to read your mind will cause them a great headache at minimum.
505. Broken Limiter,9.5
#One Punch Man - You possess a broken limiter, making your physical abilities practically boundless. Whenever you are pushed, your physical abilities grow at an exponential rate, scaling with how much you are challenged.
506. Elementalist,3.8
#You have a great affinity with the elements. Decreasing the energy cost of Elemental abilities and spells while increasing your affinity with elementals and spirits, making them like you easier.
507. Exorcist,3.4
#You are an Exorcist, an agent of the Heavenly Realm, a profession specialising in destroying spiritual beings and demons with the Holy attribute. You have an increased affinity towards Holy, Spiritual and Light and learning magic from those disciplines. You can also sense nearby unholy and spiritual entities, whether to give them a peaceful passing or a painful eviction from the material realm.
508. Warlock,4.8
#You are a Warlock, a practitioner whose interest lies in Dark and Demonic Arts. You have an increased affinity towards Unholy and darkness-based abilities and spells. You are also immune to fae deals and are capable of detecting the true nature of magical bindings as someone wanting to deal with Demons. You also naturally know how to make magically binding deals, though only ones where both parties explicitly know exactly what they are getting out of the deal.
509. Death Knight,3.5
#Race Change - You are a Death Knight, an Undead that has evolved into a far tougher and physically capable caste. As a Death Knight, you have greatly increased physical capabilities and do not need any kind of rest or sustenance; all functions are powered by your energy reserves. You are capable of naturally using the ability [Necrotic Weapon]. You possess increased Necromancy, Darkness and Martial Affinity, augmenting the potency of related abilities, skills and magic. But you are rendered vulnerable to Holy and Light-based abilities and magic. Your energy recovery speeds are increased when in locations with more negative energy.
510. Dread Knight,4.8
#Race Change - You are a Dread Knight, a Higher Caste of Undead specialising in Direct Martial Combat. As a Dread Knight, you have very potent physical abilities as well as virtually unlimited stamina, the only thing you need to sustain yourself with is Energy. You are naturally capable of using the ability [Dread Blade] and possess great Necromancy, Darkness and Martial Affinity, augmenting the potency of related abilities, skills and magic. But you are rendered vulnerable to Holy and Light-based abilities and magic.
511. Gravelord,5.5
#Race Change - You are a Gravelord, a Royal Cast of Undead evolved to specialise in Direct Combat. As a Dread Knight, you have mighty physical abilities and virtually unlimited stamina, as the only thing you need to sustain yourself with is your own Energy reserves. You are naturally capable of using the ability [Gravelord's Blade] and possess greatly increased Necrotic, Dark and Martial Affinity, augmenting the potency of related skills, magic and abilities. But you are rendered vulnerable to Holy and Light-based abilities and magic.
512. Necro Kaiser,6.4
#Race Change - You are a Necro Kaiser, an Undead Ruler, evolved specifically for devastation. As a Dread Knight, you have incredible physical abilities and virtually unlimited stamina, as the only thing you need to sustain yourself with is your own Energy reserves. You are naturally capable of using the ability [Gravelord's Blade] and [Animate Undead], all undead under your command are naturally stronger and possess the ability to act independently. You possess immense affinity towards Necromancy, Darkness and Martial abilities, spells and skills, greatly increasing their potency. But you are rendered vulnerable to Holy and Light-based abilities and magic.
513. Ruin Tyrant,7.2
#Race Change - You are a Ruin Tyrant, the highest caste of undead, ruler of all dead and the extinguisher of life. As the Ruin, you have unrivalled physical abilities and unlimited stamina; you do not even need energy to sustain yourself, you are like a force of nature, you just are, but you are still liable to getting destroyed. You are capable of naturally using the [Ruin Edge] and [Animate Undead]; all undead under your command are naturally stronger and possess the ability to act independently. You possess unrivalled Necrotic, Dark and Martial Affinity, augmenting the potency of related skills, magic and abilities. But you are rendered vulnerable to Holy and Light-based abilities and magic.
514. Lich,3.8
#Race Change - You are Lich, a Caste of Undead specialising in Necromancy and Dark Magic, not the phylactery kind. Although rather weak physically, you have increased energy reserves and nigh-unlimited stamina, as the only thing you need to sustain yourself with is your own Energy reserves. You are capable of studying magic more easily and have increased Darkness and Necromancy affinity. In addition, you can naturally use [Lesser Necromancy] to raise your own Undead Servants.
515. Elder Lich,4.7
#Race Change - You are an Elder Lich, a higher cast of Undead evolved from a regular lich, specialising in raising armies of the dead and Necromancy. Although rather disappointing physically, you have greater energy reserves and magical abilities paired with nigh-unlimited stamina, as the only thing you need to sustain yourself with is your own Energy reserves. You are capable of studying magic with greater ease and have increased Darkness and Necromancy affinity. In addition, you can naturally use [Lesser Necromancy] to raise your own Undead Servants, undead under your command are naturally more powerful and intelligent than they would otherwise be. You can also command more undead at once than you would otherwise.
516. Night Lich,5.8
#Race Change - You are a Night Lich, an evolved undead with dark magic thrumming in their bones, specialising in raising armies of the dead, Dark Magic and Necromancy. Albeit lacking in physical might, you have great energy reserves and magical ability paired with nigh-unlimited stamina, as the only thing you need to sustain yourself with is your own Energy reserves. You have a great capacity for learning, developing and studying Necromancy and Dark Magic, and Necromancy-based abilities you use are more efficient. In addition, you can naturally use [Animate Undead] to raise your own Undead Servants; undead under your command are naturally more powerful and intelligent than they would otherwise be. You can also command more undead at once than you would otherwise. You can instinctively sense the dead around you like a sixth sense.
517. Overlord,6.7
#Race Change - You are an Overlord, the highest caste of regular undead, a being whose existence exists to overturn the living into an army of the dead. While your physical abilities are only superhuman, your magical prowess is mighty, granting you increased energy reserves and magical potency paired with nigh-unlimited stamina, as the only thing you need to sustain yourself with is your own Energy reserves. Your Necromancy affinity is incredibly potent, allowing you to learn, study and create Necromancy spells with great ease and any Necromancy-related ability you use is increased in potency. You can naturally use [Greater Animate Undead] to raise your own Undead Army; undead under your command are naturally more powerful and intelligent than they would otherwise be. You can also command an unlimited number of undead at once. You can instinctively sense the dead around you like a sixth sense. You can also wrestle command of any undead you come across as long as you are overwhelmingly stronger than them or defeat them yourself.
518. Eclipse,7.9
#Race Change - You are the eclipse, pure necromancy in the shape of an undead, a living icon of death that exists to extinguish life. Altough your physique is only superhuman, your magical reserves are vast and incredibly potent alongside your infinite stamina due to being undead. You are Necromancy embodied, thus your affinity towards Necromancy spells and Abilities is unmatched, increasing all of their potency beyond their normal limits and allowing you to invent necromancy spells purely off of instinct and learn existing ones simply off of observation. You are also naturally capable of using [True Necromancy] to raise an army of undead servants, all undead under your command are naturally more powerful and can act with cognizance, you can command an unlimited number of undead at once. Any undead not under your command naturally feels the need to submit to your rule.
519. Skeleton,2.2
#Race Change - You are an animated skeleton, the most basic of undead. Your physical stats are the same as if you were alive, but you no longer need any kind of sustenance or rest, instead only needing your own energy reserves to sustain yourself. You also possess an increased Necro and Dark affinity but are rendered vulnerable to Light and Holy-based abilities.(This can be rerolled for free)
520. Kure,2.8
#Kengan Ashura - You are a Member of the Kure Clan, a clan of people selectively bred to be assassins and martial artists. Your genes grant you increased physical abilities, greater physical growth, and better combat instincts. You can also use the skill "Removal", which removes the natural limiters the brain has to stop you from using all 100% of your physical strength in order not to hurt yourself. You can increase your removal percentage by training.
521. Pretty Up,1.9
#You receive a cosmetic alteration to your physique and form, making you more attractive, at least by your own standards. Perhaps longer prettier hair, a few inches, different eye color. etc. Cannot completely change your looks, only enhances what is already there, it would take an ordinary person to a fairly attractive person, but still at a level where anyone who knows you would still be able to recognise you.
522. Newtype,4.2
#Gundam - You are a Newtype, an evolved form of human to adapt to space. As a Newtype, other than having a slightly stronger body, you have greatly increased spatial awareness and mental focus, boosting the potency of all Thinker abilities. You are also naturally capable of sensing malintent directed towards you. With enough training and meditation, you may even be able to unlock the ability to communicate with the minds of others.
523. Rule of Cool,2.8
#You have the Rule of Cool, physics bends around you slightly to allow you to do things the "cool" way while ignoring the fact that it shouldn't work, Style AND Substance baby. Grab a bullet out of the air and send it back, walk with your back to an explosion without feeling anything, do tricks in the middle of a fight without incurring any disadvantages, etc. Doing things the cool way just comes naturally to you.(Does not affect your stats or level of skills.)
524. Crazy Lure,3.2
#Crazy, Mentally Unstable, or otherwise insane people find themselves more attracted to you, and it is easier to gain their affection and favour. It is also easier for you to reason with them.
525. Beelzebub's Blessing,3.8
#You are blessed by Beelzebub, the Lord of all that is vermin and insect. Increasing your affinity with all vermin, insects and arachnids, making them more friendly towards you and making it easier to earn their affection. All Vermin and Poison based abilities are more potent and cost less energy to use.
526. Great Ass,1.3
#You have a great ass, with incredible cushioning abilities, you can sit upon practically any surface without discomfort. It also looks and feels very good.
527. Cuddle Emperor,3.6
#Your existence is one that "Cuddles Greatly." Your hugs and snuggles are incredible, being able to comfort even broken souls. Being cuddled by your cuddles feel like being wrapped by the softest, warmest blanket, and they are even therapeutic, helping stabilise the mental state and comfort whoever you are targeting.
528. Chompers,1.4
#You've got a big ol' pair of chompers on you. Your teeth are spectacularly durable and strong, you are even able to take bites out of rocks and chew them without any damage to your teeth. In addition, you will never have to worry about dental health ever again. If your teeth break, they will regrow like one might regrow fingernails.
529. Nakiri,2.9
#Shokugeki no Souma - You are a child of the Nakiri Clan, a born gourmet and chef. You have a natural affinity towards cooking, allowing you to improve your cooking skills and recipes much faster than an ordinary person. You also possess the God Tongue, allowing you to discern taste at a level unimaginable by the average person, even being able to pick out specific ingredients and their amounts from others with a single bite.
530. Anathema,6.4
#Your existence is one that opposes the Gods and Divine. You have a massive resistance to any Divine influence or Authorities, and against any Divine opponent, your physical and magical abilities are massively increased.
531. Dominant,4.1
#You are naturally dominant, its easier to assert yourself on others and act in a more dominant fashion. In addition, people are more receptive to your acting more dominant and assertive, especially submissive people.
532. Light Resistance,3.7
#You are naturally resistant against Light and Light based effects. You can stare straight at the sun, flashbangs are far less effective and you can resist attacks like light arrow, purification rituals, searing beams of light, etc. This resistance scales with your base stats.
533. Dark Resistance,3.5
#You are naturally resistant against Darkness and Darkness based effects. Such as shadow blasts, darkness chains, clouds of darkness, shadow blades, etc. This resistance scales with your base stats.
534. Tech Priest Diploma,4.2
#(Tech)Praise the Omnisaiah! At least you can try to. You have the ability to pray and perform rituals to appease the machine spirit dwellin in machines and have it actually work. Burn some incenses, do a cool dance, sing to it, make some cool drawing depicting it and depending on how pleased the machine spirit is with your devotion it will somehow increase the power and efficiency of the machine. With enough worship you may even develop a relationship with the machine that it will stick through thick and thin with you.
535. Blessing of the Omnisiah,4.7
#(Tech)You are blessed by the Omnisiah; they praise you, not the other way around. Any machine you handle or encounter is eager to please you, blatantly favoring you. Their charges will deplete slower, cars will go faster than they normally can and handle better, slot machines will give better odds, simply speaking, there is a machine spirit inside the machines and they naturally like you unless you lose that favor.
536. Kitsune,4.6
#Race Change - You are a single-tailed Kitsune, a Fox Yokai(semi-spiritual being) who is attuned to nature and illusions. As a Kitsune, your humanoid form is naturally incredibly attractive, and you possess slightly increased physical stats and increased energy reserves. You can naturally weave and use [Foxfire] and all Stranger abilities and illusion spells you use are more potent. This also extends to nature-based abilities you have. You can also shift between your fox and humanoid form at will, and even hide your fox features using illusions. As you age or your energy reserves increase, you naturally gain more tails, reaching up to 9 in number, each tail slightly enhancing the aforementioned capabilities.
537. Kyubi,5.7
#Race Change - You are a Kyubi, a nine-tailed Kitsune, a powerful fox yokai(semi-spiritual being) who is incredibly attuned to nature and illusions. As a Kyubi, you possess superhuman physical ability and greatly increased energy reserves. You can swap between your Nine-Tailed Kitsune form and human form at will that is supernaturally good-looking. You can naturally use [Nine Tailed Foxfire] at will and possess a great affinity towards Stranger and Nature-based abilities and spells, making them more efficient to use and maintain.
538. Demeter's Blessing,3.7
#You are a child blessed by Demeter, the goddess of Nature and Harvest. Increasing your affinity towards nature-based abilities and magic, making it easier to master and increasing their potency. In any territory you own, the soil will be enriched and fertile, and the crops will be protected from disease and vermin.
539. Comforting Presence,3.7
#Your presence is a very comforting one; those who encounter you might feel like they just came home. This also makes you feel very trustworthy. People are more likely to confide in you and feel less threatened by you. Comforting people in distress also comes naturally to you. Does not work on people with a strong negative opinion of you.
540. Poseidon's Child,4.1
#You are the child blessed by Poseidon, the god of the seas. Thanks to this blessing, you are freely capable of breathing, moving, and seeing underwater as naturally as if you were on land. All mundane aquatic life are friendly, and supernatural ones are more friendly towards you. You also possess increased water affinity, making your water-based abilities and spells more potent and easier to master.
541. Deviant Fashion,1.4
#It is no longer illegal or unacceptable to wear whatever you want to wear, people can still get uncomfortable with it, but legally or morally, there is nothing wrong with what you are wearing. Yes, that also means you can go into high society wearing whatever you were born with.
542. Machine Spirit Mechanic,5.4
#(Tech)You are a special kind of mechanic; whatever sufficiently advanced technology you make has a newborn Machine Spirit inside of it. The existence of a machine spirit passively improves the quality of the machine over time and increases its performance. Depending on the mood of the spirit, the machine can work even more efficiently or perform worse and even prevent a user from accessing it altogether. More mature Machine Spirits can even use their tech autonomously and independently. All Machine Spirits you create naturally see you as their creator.
543. Necromantic Heart,4.3
#Race Change - You possess the Necromantic Heart, turning you undead, but at the same time, granting you the capacity to evolve. You start as (Uncommon trait)Skeleton but the more time you spend "alive", the more you kill and the more negative energy you immerse yourself in, the faster you will evolve into the next tier of undead. In addition, you can still retain a humanoid facade that can act with the same functions as a human but will fall apart when you use your undead traits or get damaged.
544. Oedipus Simple,2.5
#(Nsfw)"Complex? I think you'll find it is quite simple." There is nothing wrong with keeping it in the family. Society as a whole does not find it particularly morally wrong if you marry your own kin. In addition, all genetic problems that could possibly occur with inbreeding are resolved. Any biological conceived and born children of yours inherit your traits far better and inherit at least two of your abilities. It is easier to earn the affection of your family, platonically or romantically. This trait can be rerolled for free.
545. Full Coverage Insurance Plan,5.2
#Your Familiars get a full coverage insurance plan, as long as a familiar is in Familiar space for 24 hours straight, uninterrupted, they are completely and absolutely returned to perfect health. If a familiar dies, they will be resurrected in the familiar space after 48 hours have passed in perfect health.
546. The Real Familiars,5.1
#"-Were the friends we made along the way." This trait allows you to register any cognizant living being as a familiar as long as they completely submit to you and are tamed.
547. Perception Awareness,4.2
#You are able to instinctively tell when someone is looking at you or observing you at all times, as well as which direction they are looking at you from, if they are using clairvoyance you will know someone is looking at you but cannot pinpoint their direction.
548. Scenic Wind,0.5
#The scenic wind favors you, making your clothes and hair flutter majestically, even in impossible weather conditions and indoors whenever it is opportune.
549. Lactation,1.2
#You are capable of lactating; the quality of milk that you produce scales with your physical stats and has unique qualities depending on your traits. This trait can be rerolled for free.
550. Calcium Cultivation,3.7
#Your bones crave milk, nay, they demand it. Every time you consume milk, your bones get a permanent boost to their durability and quality. The higher the quality of milk, the greater the boost to your bones you get. Consuming the same kind of milk decreases its effects exponentially after the first drink and the boost your bones get are relative to the quality of the milk to your bones.
551. Perfect Skin,1.9
#Your skin is one any model would envy, always perfectly moist, supple and smooth, your skin also never scars or gets marred unless you want it to. Skin and superficial injuries also heal slightly faster and more seamlessly.
552. Comfortable,0.8
#You should always be comfortable in your own skin, your physical features do not hamper your mobility or your comfort of life, whether you have distorted features or rather oversized assets.
553. Form Fitting,2.1
#Whatever piece of clothing or equipment you try to wear or equip will automatically adjust to your size perfectly as long as the change is not too drastic. The changes revert if the clothing is unequipped.
554. Endless Stomach,2.2
#Your stomach is 1000x larger on the inside than the outside, don't ask how it works. You can keep eating and you will digest the food inside of you on a need to basis without feeling discomfort, allowing you to eat months worth of food ahead of time and not worry for a month, same for water. Thankfully, the stomach is very efficient so you also only produce 1/1000th of the waste.
555. Tanuki,4.6
#Race Change - You are a Tanuki, a racoon-dog(?) yokai, a semi spiritual being who excells in trickery. As a tanuki you can shift between your tanuki form and humanoid form and in between. You also posess increased energy reserves and increased affinity towards Stranger abilities and traits, allowing you to use and master them easier as well as use them more efficiently. You can naturally use the ability [Tanuki's Leaves(Rare)] without needing an ability slot.
556. Throat,0.4
#You no longer have a gag reflex, and your throat is always perfectly moist... and lubricated? At least you won't get a sore throat?
557. Hagmaxxing,2.5
#Your preferred partners at least twice your age are more attracted towards you, and it is easier to earn their favor. In addition, your romantic partners and your looks never age beyond their peak. Does not stop physical aging.
558. Violence of Heaven,5.4
#You wield a body blessed by the Heavenly realm to carry out violence in their stead. All your physical abilities are augmented, and these boosts are further amplified in blessed grounds. You possess an increased resistance against curses, necromancy, and darkness-based attacks. Even a regular joe would be able to flip cars and break the bones of demons.
559. Harphy,3.7
#Race Change - You are a half avian creature, possessing the characteristics of a hawk creature mixed with your own race. You have slightly enhanced physical abilities and senses, alongside heightened predatory instincts. In addition, you have retractable talons and wings either fused into your arms, shoulder blades, or back. With training, you can learn to suppress your more avian characteristics. You possess increased wind affinity but decreased water affinity.
560. Roc,4.8
#Race Change - You are a Roc hybrid, a creature that possesses the characteristics of a Roc, mixed with your own race, a giant elephant-eating hawk. You possess increased strength and durability, incredible but sensitive eyesight, and hearing alongside fearsome predatory instincts. You possess large, powerful wings either fused to your arms or back, at least as strong as your arms, and allow you to fly and dive with great speed, as well as retractable talons that are tougher than steel. You possess increased wind affinity but decreased water affinity.
561. Thunderbird,5.8
#Race Change - You are a Thunderbird hybrid, possessing the characteristics of the legendary change of the skies. As Thunderbird, you possess enhanced physical abilities with further enhanced agility and reflexes; your eyesight and hearing are also greatly enhanced. You possess wings that allow you to easily fly at great speeds and can flap to release electricity from, and incredibly tough and sharp talons that crackle with lightning. As a Thunderbird, you also naturally have the ability to change the weather, making it sunny, making it rain, making it hail etc but it will consume a lot of energy. You possess increased Wind and Lightning affinity, but are rendered vulnerable to Water and Earth.
562. Grand Thunderbird,6.5
#Race Change - You are the descendant of a Grand Thunderbird, an ancient, legendary Thunderbird with power over weather and lightning. As a Grand Thunderbird, you possess a great physique with incredible enhanced agility and reflexes; your eyesight and hearing are unmatched. You possess wings that allow you to easily fly at supersonic speeds and incredibly tough and sharp talons. You can also cloak yourself in and discharge electricity from your body. As a Grand Thunderbird, you can naturally manipulate the weather of the area you are in, bringing rain, open sky, clouds, and can even rain down lightning. You possess increased Wind and Lightning affinity, but are rendered vulnerable to
563. Ziz,7.8
#Race Change - You are a Child of Ziz, one of the Primordial beasts, rival to Behemoth and Leviathan, ruler of the skies. As a kin of Ziz, you possess greatly enhanced physical and magical abilities, as well as the ability to reveal and hide your true form at will, partially or fully transforming into a titanic avian beast. You naturally possess the ability to manipulate the weather, calling down storms, blizzards, rain, hurricanes, tornadoes, etc., at will, as well as raining down greater lightning. All Weather-based abilities and spells are greatly enhanced; you greatly resist all Wind, Ice, and Electricity-based abilities. Your energy and health recovery are enhanced when under the open skies. You possess decreased Water and Earth affinity.
564. Allowance,2.2
#Whichever city you are currently living in, you get the equivalent of 2x the daily minimum wage for that city/country either deposited into your account or transported into your wallet every single day.
565. Kyoi no Hado,5.7
#Street Fighter - You have awakened the Kyoi no Hado, the Surge of Mindless Intent, otherwise known as the Sacred Hado, allowing you to tap your own Ki reserves thanks to it. This Hado requires the practitioner to practice calmness, balance, resoluteness, and focus to properly tap into one's inner energy and soul to draw power from it. Skilled practitioners can reinforce their strikes with it, protect their body from foreign influences, and turn it into wave-like energy surges to use offensively and defensively. Skilled enough users may even be able to interact with souls. Practising the Hado increases one's mental and spiritual defences.
566. Satsui no Hado,5.8
#Street Fighter - You have awakened the Satsui no Hado, the Surge of Killing Intent, otherwise known as the Dark Hado, allowing you to tap into your inner Ki reserves thanks to it. This Hado requires the pracitioner to tap into their inner animalistic bloodlust, rage, and murderous intent to physically manifest your killing intent and tap into your inner energy through it. Using the Hado will slightly transform the user, enhancing their physical strength, allowing them to imbue energy into their strikes, and turn their Ki into dark flame-like energy. Skilled enough users may even be able to use it to telekinetically control objects. The more someone practices the Hado, the stronger they will become, and so will their desire for conflict and conquest. If one cannot control their Hado properly, they may even transform into an Oni. But it is possible to tame this power no matter how difficult.
567. Reptilian Rapport,2.7
#You have great affinity with lizards, reptiles, and creatures that are aligned with them. Making it easier to earn their affection and favor, and form relationships with them. Thanks to your affinity with Reptilians, regeneration-based effects, abilities, and spells applied to you are more potent.
5324. Canis Companion,2.6
#You have great affinity with dogs, canines, wolves, and creatures that are aligned with them. Making it easier to earn their affection and favor, and form relationships with them. Thanks to your affinity with the Canis, your sense-based abilities and traits are more potent, and it is easier to control your own senses.
568. Arthropod Affiliate,2.4
#You have great affinity with insects, arachnids, crustations, and creatures that are aligned with them. Making it easier to earn their affection and favor, and form relationships with them. Thanks to your affinity with the Arthropods, you possess slightly increased durability and armor-based abilities, and effects cost slightly less energy to use.
569. Warrior of Sunlight,4.1
#Dark Souls - You are a Warrior of Sunlight, a Warrior that praises the sun and devotes their faith in it, receiving powers in return. As a Warrior of Sunlight, you possess increased vitality. In addition, all Lightning and Fire-based abilities are slightly more potent and carry traces of sunlight within them, further increasing their potency against Undead and Dragons. Beings aligned with the Sun and Light may favor you more.
570. Gravelord Servant,3.4
#Dark Souls - You are a Gravelord Servant, a servant of Nito, the first of the dead. As a Gravelord Servant, you possess increased energy reserves, and the power of your Necromancy and Soul-based abilities is increased. You possess a greater affinity towards undead, and wild undead without minds do not consider you enemies unless provoked.
571. Darkwraith,3.1
#Dark Souls - You are a Darkwraith, one who seeks to wield the powers of darkness and end light. As Darkwraith, your physical abilities are slightly enhanced when in darkness. In addition, all Dark-based abilities and spells are more potent and inflict additional damage when used against Light-aligned beings.
572. Path of Dragon,4.2
#Dark Souls - You are a follower of the Path of the Dragon, one who seeks to transcend life through the flesh of Dragons. As a follower, you can offer the flesh of Dragons to the Everlasting Dragons and imbue it into your very flesh, enhancing all of your physical stats relative to how strong the owner of the flesh was compared to you and gaining minor draconic aspects in the process. The more flesh you offer, the more draconic you get, potentially even becoming an Everlasting Dragon(Legendary) yourself at the end.
573. Covenant Leader,5.4
#You are now capable of establishing your own covenant. Those who pledge themselves to your service and join your covenant can acquire boons from you, depending on how much they have contributed to your covenant. The boons you grant are based on your traits and abilities; the larger their contribution, the more karma you accumulate to bestow them a lesser copy of an ability or trait. The Rarity of the offshoot depends on the recipents contribution level, but it can never reach the same rarity as the original. If they break the laws of your covenant, their boons are instantly revoked.
574. Pendragon,5.3
#You are the child of Pendragon, the destined, rightful King and Dragon. Sovereignty is in your blood; you are more resistant to negative mental conditions and are an incredible talent when it comes to anything related to ruling, such as litigation, management, military, economics, etc, as well as an increase to your natural charisma. In addition, as the child of the one recognized as a "Dragon", you have increased physical abilities as well as larger energy reserves and faster energy recovery. You also have incredible talent with blades due to carrying the blood of Excalibur's wielder, especially with magical swords.
575. Dullahan's Deception,2.2
#"Don't lose your head!" No, but seriously, don't. Your head is now capable of freely detaching from your neck/torso but still remaining connected in a higher dimension, meaning you can still eat, speak, and breathe. This also has the effect of making decapitation useless against you.
576. Chaos Duplication,4.8
#Allows you to grant copies of your own abilities and traits to others by burning a ticket that is equal in value to the ability or trait you are granting. A bronze ticket allows you to duplicate a common trait, a silver allows uncommon, a gold allows rare, etc. Higher tickets can be burnt to grant double the replicants of a previous rarity: Silver = 2x Common, Gold = 4 Common, etc.
577. Fair Use,5.2
#No cheating, anything you create, people cannot use without your permission, acting as a Blacklist and Whitelist. Even if you were to leave your spaceship with the keys in, no one would be able to pilot it. If you leave potions you created, they will act like water if someone else uses them.
578. Crushing Daunt,5.6
#"Fear grips your heart." The more fear someone feels towards you, the weaker they become and the lower their energy output. If someone feels completely helpless towards you and their will to fight is completely crushed, their abilities are decreased to negligible levels.
579. Blood Fuel,1.5
#"Hell is not full." Your blood functions as fuel, high-quality fuel that can be substituted for basically any kind of fuel that any machine would otherwise take, such as gasoline, diesel, electricity, etc.
580. Literary Devouring,1.2
#You are able to eat books and written text, which will imprint all knowledge contained within that text into your mind, making you perfectly memorize the information inside.
581. Made of Fire,4.1
#"Not to be confused by a maid of fire." You are able to use flames to temper your body, increasing your physical abilities proportional to the intensity and potency of the flames you are burned by. To temper your body properly, you must be exposed to the flame for extended periods of time. This trait does not give resistance to fire or immunity to it, and the higher your flame resistance, the less effective this trait is.
582. Vessel,4.5
#Your body and soul are incredible vessels, perfectly suited for sealing things inside and containing them. Whatever is sealed inside you or is absorbed into you will find it far harder to rebel and break out. In addition, you can fit much more into your vessel.
583. Prime Soul,7.6
#Ultrakill - Your soul has ascended to the level of a Prime Soul, a soul that has grown so powerful that it does not need a body to keep existing. Your soul affinity is massively enhanced, and you possess massive resistance towards all soul, mind, and "existence" targeting abilities. In addition, if you die, you will be able to shed your Husk and continue existing in Prime Soul form.
584. Mythril Fist,4.8
#Your fists are like Mythril, considerably augmenting the power behind all unarmed strikes you use and enhancing the power of all fist-based abilities.
585. Adamantine Fist,5.5
#Your fists are like Adamantine, unbreakable and incredibly powerful. Your fists are incredibly durable, and the power behind all unarmed strikes is greatly enhanced. All fist-based abilities are easier to use and are more powerful.
586. Regenerator,5.9
#Hellsing - You are a Regenerator, a race of Advanced Human that is a Bioengineering marvel, granting you superhuman physical performance and incredible natural regenerative abilities enough to heal from bullet wounds in seconds without changing anything fundamentally from humanity.
587. The Santa Clause,1.9
#You are under the same Clause as Santa himself, meaning that people do not mind you entering places you shouldn't be, or lingering in places you are not meant to. But they can still get offended and angry if you cause a disturbance or do something that would offend them.
588. Sexercise,1.5
#(Nsfw)Sexual activity now works as a full body workout for you, a very efficient and comprehensive effect. The effects of this workout will only apply after the sexual activity has ended and scales with the effectiveness of your sexual activity.
589. Blessing of Atlas,5.5
#"The weight of the world on your shoulders." You are blessed by Atlas, the one who holds the world on his shoulders. You are extremely resilient towards all hardships, even when under extreme agony, even when poisoned, even when bleeding out, even when tired beyond comprehension, you can still perform at your maximum.
590. Sadist,3.6
#"Pain in their eyes" You are a sadist, you enjoy pain and the suffering of others. Whenever you inflict damage on a target, your Health and Energy recovery speeds are increased for a short amount of time.
591. Starman,8.5
#"There is a Starman waiting in the sky." Your hope fuels you, literally, the more hope and determination you have, the faster your energy and vitality regenerate, and in addition, as long as you hold out hope, you cannot be killed. Whenever someone places their hopes into you, that hope is converted into energy and vitality to fuel you.
592. 0th-Dimension Physiology,5.7
#You exist as a single dimensionless point, a cosmological singularity with no length, width, or height. Untouchable by conventional means, but you are also locked to that single point of existence and may be utterly oblivious to anything else around you.
593. 360-Degree Neck Rotation,1.4
#You can rotate your neck in a full circle like an owl, letting you look in any direction without turning your body. Great for spotting tails and bad for first dates.
594. 360-Degree Senses,3.6
#All of your senses operate omnidirectionally at once. You can see, hear, smell, taste and feel everything around you with no blind spot, though without training the sheer volume of input can be overwhelming.
595. 360-Degree Torso Rotation,1.2
#Your torso can twist a full 360 degrees independently of your head. Mostly a party trick, and a dangerous one if your power gets nullified mid-rotation.
596. 360-Degree Vision,2.3
#You can see in every direction at once. There are no blind spots behind you, above you, or to your sides, though bright light from any angle now blinds you just as easily.
597. 3D Vision,1.5
#You see the world in true 3D without needing glasses, gaining superhuman depth perception and the ability to perceive all exposed sides of an object at once. You can no longer experience flatness, for better or worse.
598. 4th Wall Awareness,6.5
#You are aware that your universe is fictional, written by an author for an audience. With this knowledge you can bend the rules of your own reality, plot armor yourself, exploit narrative conventions, and even glimpse moments of authorial intent. The deeper your awareness goes, the closer your sanity gets to snapping.
599. 4th-Dimensional Physiology,7.6
#Your body exists across all of space-time as a single 4D entity, perceiving the universe as a sphere surrounding you that you can reach into at will. Forgot your wallet at home five years ago? Just grab it. You are infinitely inferior to true 5D beings, but to anyone below you, you are essentially a god.
600. 5th-Dimensional Physiology,8.5
#You are a fifth-dimensional being, existing beyond height, width, length, and time in a further dimension entirely outside the observable universe. To you, four-dimensional beings look like still photographs and three-dimensional ones might as well be drawings. Pan-Dimensional and Beyond-Dimensional beings still tower above you.
601. Abarimon Physiology,2.7
#Roman Mythology - You are an abarimon, a humanoid whose legs bend backwards. Despite the unsettling anatomy you can run at incredible speeds and possess a wild untameable spirit, though you can only breathe the unique air of your native valley and removing yourself for too long will kill you.
602. Ability Information Archiving,5.8
#Your body, soul, or genetics maintain a subconscious archive of every power, skill, and ability you have ever learned, absorbed, or witnessed. Even powers you no longer remember leave residual data that can be accessed and re-enabled, though much of the recall is automatic and the recovered abilities may only resurface temporarily.
603. Ability Mastering,7.0
#You do not just use your powers, you have mastered them on a conceptual level, understanding every possibility and ramification they contain. A space manipulator with this trait can warp time within their space, an electricity manipulator can extend into electromagnetism, and all such users gain natural resistance to having their abilities negated. Achieving such mastery still requires training and exposure.
604. Abnormal Digestive Waste Generation,0.6
#Whatever comes out the other end is never quite normal. Could be glittering crystals, could be molten slag, could be live bees. Painful when it's something hard or hot, embarrassing always.
605. Abnormal Embodiment,5.4
#You embody the concept of not being normal. The weirder you are, the stronger you become, and reality itself bends to accommodate your strangeness. Statistical impossibilities cluster around you, your behavior cannot be predicted by any mind, and effects that target average or typical beings simply slide off you. Useless if you have nothing strange about you and weak against Normalcy Manipulation.
606. Absolute Bio-Energetic Sourcing,7.4
#Your body can absorb and store an infinite amount of ambient bioenergy. You will never run out of fuel for your other abilities, you can survive indefinitely without food, and you can output energy for as long as you need to. The well inside you simply does not have a bottom.
607. Absolute Chi,7.5
#You possess an infinite, bottomless reservoir of qi. Whatever chi-based techniques you know can be fueled forever, and however much you spend, your inner well never runs dry. The amount of qi you can output at any one moment still depends on your training and skill.
608. Absolute Cosmic Absorption,7.5
#Your body can absorb and store infinite cosmic energy. Starlight, void radiation, the background hum of the universe, all of it pours into you without limit. You can fuel other abilities, survive in the depths of space, and output cosmic energy for as long as you have a need to.
609. Absolute Derivation,9.6
#You are the binding source of all existence, the primordial wellspring from which the cosmos and everything in it emerges. As long as you exist, all things connected to you do as well, which is everything. You are transcendent over anything and everything, boundlessly invincible, and reality is sustained by your continued being.
610. Absolute Electricity Absorption,7.0
#Your body can absorb infinite amounts of electricity and lightning, storing it without ever overflowing. You could stand in the heart of a thunderstorm or let a power grid empty itself into you and only feel charged. Useful for fueling other powers and surviving things that should incinerate you.
611. Absolute Electromagnetic Absorption,7.1
#Your body can absorb infinite amounts of electromagnetic energy across the entire spectrum, from radio waves to gamma rays. You can drink in radiation, soak up magnetic fields, and convert all of it into reserves to fuel your other abilities or simply to keep yourself going indefinitely.
612. Absolute Embodiment,9.3
#You embody the state of being complete and absolute. Because you are absolute, you contain nothing superfluous or wasteful, which means you have no weaknesses and no limitations. You are whole in a way that no attack, condition, or force can find a seam in.
613. Absolute Emotions,6.6
#Your emotions have no ceiling. Your anger can crush minds and instill primal terror in anyone, your joy can lift entire rooms into euphoria, your sorrow can drown a city, your love can rewrite how someone sees the world. When uncontrolled, your hatred and dread leave permanent trauma on those who feel it. Learning to keep this in check is its own kind of training.
614. Absolute Energy Absorption,7.6
#Your body can absorb infinite amounts of any kind of energy, no matter the form. Heat, kinetic, nuclear, magical, divine, conceptual, all of it pours into you without limit. You will never run dry, never need food, and can output energy for as long as you have reason to.
615. Absolute Filtration,7.4
#Your body can purge anything and everything from itself, even adaptive toxins, conceptual diseases, soul-corruption and effects that specifically negate the ability to be filtered. Anything that should not be inside you simply isn't, given a moment.
616. Absolute Gamma Absorption,5.4
#Your body can soak in an unlimited amount of gamma radiation and store it indefinitely. The stockpile can fuel other superhuman abilities, sustain you in place of food, or be vented as raw output for as long as you please.
617. Absolute Heat Absorption,5.4
#Your body can soak in an unlimited amount of heat and store it indefinitely. You could stand inside a star and only feel topped up, and the stockpile can be spent on other powers, sustenance, or simply released as energy.
618. Absolute Invincibility,9.7
#You are invincible in every aspect, physical, mental, emotional, spiritual and conceptual. The probability of you losing or even drawing in any matchup is exactly zero, no matter what is being measured. You simply do not have a way to be beaten.
619. Absolute Ionic Absorption,5.3
#Your body can soak in an unlimited amount of ionic energy and store it indefinitely. The stockpile can fuel other superhuman abilities, sustain you in place of food, or be vented as raw output for as long as you please.
620. Absolute Kinetic Absorption,5.7
#Your body can soak in an unlimited amount of kinetic energy and store it indefinitely. Bullets, falling buildings and incoming meteors only feed your reserves, which you can spend powering other abilities or release back as raw force.
621. Absolute Learning,7.5
#You can learn, comprehend and master anything given enough time and exposure. Unlike copying, you actually understand the mechanics of what you pick up, which means you can improve on it and keep evolving past whoever taught you. There is no ceiling on what you can eventually grasp.
622. Absolute Light Absorption,5.3
#Your body can soak in an unlimited amount of light and store it indefinitely. You could stand inside the heart of a sun unbothered, and the stockpile can be spent on other powers, sustenance, or vented back out as raw radiance.
623. Absolute Nuclear Absorption,5.5
#Your body can soak in an unlimited amount of nuclear energy and the forces tied to it, storing it indefinitely. A nuke to the face is a snack, and the reserve can fuel other abilities, sustain you, or be vented as raw output.
624. Absolute Power Derivation,9.5
#You are the primordial wellspring from which all powers and abilities flow, the binding origin point that holds the supernatural side of existence together. Every ability anywhere, in some sense, traces back to you.
625. Absolute Quantum Absorption,5.6
#Your body can soak in an unlimited amount of quantum energy and store it indefinitely. The stockpile can fuel other superhuman abilities, sustain you in place of food, or be vented as raw output for as long as you please.
626. Absolute Radiation Absorption,5.6
#Your body can soak in an unlimited amount of radiation in every form and store it indefinitely. Cosmic, ionizing, exotic, it all just refills you, and the reserve can power other abilities, replace eating, or be vented back out as raw energy.
627. Absolute Solar Absorption,4.6
#Your body can absorb and store an infinite amount of solar energy, allowing you to soak up the sun forever without ever reaching capacity. Useful as a fuel reserve for other powers, sustenance, or simply outputting massive amounts of stored solar energy at will.
628. Absolute Sound Absorption,4.4
#Your body can absorb and store an infinite amount of sound, ranging from a whisper to the roar of a supernova. The stored sound can be used as fuel for other abilities or released later. Areas around you naturally tend toward silence.
629. Absolute Spirituality,9.2
#You possess absolute spiritual power and status, often being the source from which every other soul or spirit in existence flows. You are formless, indivisible and infinite, embodying boundless bliss, knowledge, perception and power. You exist as a primordial spirit beyond the reach of anything that is not similarly transcendent.
630. Absolute Stellar Absorption,4.7
#Your body can absorb and store an infinite amount of stellar energy, drinking in the output of entire stars without ever reaching capacity. Useful as fuel for other abilities, sustenance, or as a boundless reservoir of cosmic power.
631. Absolute Thermic Absorption,4.6
#Your body can absorb and store an infinite amount of thermal radiation. You could walk into the heart of a star and only feel pleasantly warm, with all that heat now stored as fuel for your other abilities or to be released at your discretion.
632. Absolute Transcendence,9.7
#You transcend absolutely everything: dimensions, life and death, beginnings and endings, concepts, principles, creation, destruction, boundaries, logic, laws, existence and nonexistence. No description, definition or category can contain you, and any attempt to comprehend you is mere conjecture. You simply are, beyond and above all classification.
633. Absolute Unpredictability,7.4
#You possess an absolutely chaotic and unpredictable nature, so inconstant that it warps and collapses probability and causality around you. Nothing about you can be predicted, not even your involuntary functions like blinking or your heartbeat. Mind reading and precognition simply error out when they try to look at you.
634. Absolute Wave Absorption,4.5
#Your body can absorb and store an infinite amount of waves of any kind, from sound to light to gravitational ripples. The stored energy can fuel other abilities or be released later. You make for a very strange anomaly in any spectrum analyzer.
635. Absolute Will,9.1
#You possess an absolute will, capable of achieving virtually anything through sheer force of intent. You are immune to all forms of mental control, manipulation or coercion, and your willpower overrides any limit placed upon you. By simply willing it, you transcend your limitations completely, achieving a freedom no force in existence can take away from you.
636. Absorbent Mimicry,1.4
#You either are or can transform into a sponge or other absorbent material. You soak up liquids easily and have all the strengths and weaknesses one would expect of being made of squishy holes.
637. Absorption Empowerment,4.0
#When you absorb a specific affinity (an element, an emotion, a type of event) you grow stronger, faster and more durable, and may even unlock new abilities tied to it. Sufficiently devoted users can draw sustenance from their affinity alone and slow their aging to a crawl.
638. Absorption Power Link,5.0
#Your absorptive nature is bound to your other powers, fueling and amplifying them with everything you drain. The more you assimilate, the stronger your abilities become, but if your absorptive nature destabilizes the link can spiral out of control.
639. Abstract Activity,5.6
#Even as an abstract being (a thought, an emotion, a spirit, a concept) you can still move, fight and interact with the world around you. You may be slower or weaker in such states, but you are never helpless simply for lacking a body.
640. Absurdism Embodiment,7.6
#You are the living embodiment of absurdism, the philosophy of Camus regarding the disharmony between humanity's search for meaning and the meaningless of the universe. So long as you embrace the absurd you wield power over meaninglessness itself, the cosmic joke and the laugh in the face of the void; falter in that embrace and you will weaken or die.
641. Abuhuku Physiology,3.6
#You are an abuhuku, a Colombian nocturnal mythical creature that embodies disease, death and all things evil. You are hairy, foul-smelling and possess a second head on the back of your first, and you feed by cutting holes in the skulls of victims to suck their insides out. Capsicum smoke is toxic to you, and legend insists you are dim enough that even children can outsmart you.
642. Abura Sumashi Physiology,2.8
#You are an Abura Sumashi, a yokai of Japanese folklore that haunts mountain passes, said to be the ghost of an oil-thief eternally punished for his crime. You have an ugly humanoid form with a head like a potato or stone, are largely harmless, and exist mostly to startle travelers who wander too close. Vulnerable to the rituals and prayers of shrine maidens and Shinto priests.
643. Abyssal Spirit Physiology,5.8
#You are an abyssal spirit, the soul of one slain by violence, execution or political intrigue and empowered by infernal gods of the deep afterlife. You command the undead, open rifts to hidden realms, drift between the lands of the dead like a ghost, and reshape corpses back into the form you once wore. Unlike common undead you keep echoes of who you were, and use them to fuel your vengeance.
644. Acausality,7.0
#You are independent from external systems and even from causality itself, to a degree that varies with your strength. This grants you immunity to causality-based attacks, natural and supernatural laws, and most unwanted effects in general. High-end causality manipulators may still find ways to bypass you, and acausality alone does not make you immortal.
645. Accelerated Aging,1.1
#Your body ages faster than usual. Without longevity-related powers to balance it out, you will reach the end of your lifespan considerably sooner than your peers.
646. Accelerated Assimilation,3.3
#Anything you eat, drink, inhale, inject or otherwise take in is assimilated into your bloodstream at vastly accelerated rates, seconds becoming fractions of seconds, hours becoming minutes. Excellent for buffs and stimulants, dangerous if you happen to swallow poison without a complementary metabolism to handle it.
647. Accelerated Bodily Production,3.6
#Your body produces cells, chemicals, antibodies, hormones, pheromones and secretions at accelerated rates, making you stronger, faster, smarter and tougher depending on what is overflowing at any given moment. Control can be tricky, and overflow is not always a blessing.
648. Accelerated Body,4.5
#Every system in your body runs accelerated, granting you enhanced strength, speed, reflexes and perception while letting you heal and recover at a rapid pace, all on the same energy budget as a regular body. The downside: you may age faster, eat constantly, and find it difficult to ever truly sit still.
649. Accelerated Development,5.4
#You improve your natural abilities far faster and far further than any of your peers, your body keeping pace with your mind at a genetic level so you can endure training that would cripple or kill an ordinary person. Latent superpowers awaken much more easily under your regimen, and your intellect can grow well past human limits, though you still need time and, eventually, a teacher capable of pushing you further.
650. Accelerated Forces,3.2
#Forces like gravity and friction affect you at an accelerated rate, allowing you to control your movements with absurd precision even at high speeds. This is the reason speedsters can jump and fall normally instead of being launched into orbit.
651. Accelerated Maturity,2.9
#You mature mentally, intellectually, and emotionally at an accelerated rate, granting you wisdom and emotional control far beyond your biological age. Sadly this does not exempt you from age restriction laws.
652. Accelerated Muscle Development,3.5
#Your muscles develop at an explosive rate, gaining in hours what would normally take days of training. With consistent exercise you can reach physiques and strength levels that should be impossible for your frame.
653. Accelerated System Development,4.2
#All of your bodily systems grow stronger, tougher, and faster at an accelerated rate as your body matures. Your nervous, skeletal, muscular, immune, and digestive systems all improve far beyond what should be biologically possible, compounding over your lifetime.
654. Accelerated Youth and Adult Longevity,3.5
#You age at an accelerated rate until you reach maturity, then your aging slows dramatically and you gain a greatly extended lifespan. You get to skip the awkward years and enjoy centuries of adulthood.
655. Accelerated Youth and Immortality,5.4
#You age rapidly until you reach physical maturity, at which point your aging halts entirely and you become biologically immortal. You can still be killed by violence or other means, but old age will never claim you.
656. Accelerated Youth,2.6
#You accelerate through childhood and adolescence, reaching full physical and emotional maturity in only a few years before your aging slows down to a normal pace. A blessing if you hated being a kid, a curse if you loved it.
657. Accelerating Regeneration,5.2
#Your regenerative healing factor grows stronger and faster the more punishment you take, both adapting to the severity of your wounds and improving each time you are injured and heal. Push it too far however and a single overwhelming blow may still finish you off.
658. Acceleration Defiance,3.7
#You can ignore the physical laws and effects of acceleration, shrugging off g-forces, sudden stops, and the violence of rapid motion. You can still be affected by raw physical impacts, but the forces themselves no longer chain you.
659. Acceleration Immunity,3.9
#You are completely unharmed by the various effects of rapid acceleration, including air resistance, dynamic shock, breathing difficulties, and the violence of contact at high speed. Essential equipment for any aspiring speedster.
660. Acceleration Maneuverability,3.4
#Your maneuverability is incredible in environments with high acceleration and fictitious forces. Whether running on walls, ceilings, or being thrown around inside a moving vehicle, you can navigate effortlessly regardless of inertial frames.
661. Enhanced Accuracy,3.6
#Your brain's aim and targeting centers are drastically heightened. You need only an instant to line up a shot before nailing distant or moving targets, instinctively calculating range, wind and lead. Still, you can miss, and supernatural agility can dodge you.
662. Supernatural Accuracy,5.4
#Your accuracy approaches that of a god of archery. You can hit a target moving faster than light from the surface of the moon, never lose focus, and never lose your mark. Only those with Absolute Agility or Reflexes are safe from your aim.
663. Peak Accuracy,2.6
#Your aim is at the peak of human capability, beyond any master archer or marksman. You can kill a man from a kilometer away with a standard handgun, or pin a fly to the wall with a thrown toothpick. Enhanced or supernatural targets can still slip past you.
664. Acid Empowerment,3.2
#You become stronger, faster and more durable when in contact with acid, and may even draw sustenance or slowed aging from it. Spend too long bathing in the stuff and you may develop a dependency.
665. Acid Immunity,2.5
#You are immune to acid. Caustic substances, corrosives and even most acid-based powers slide off you with no effect. Ultimate Acid and power-bypassing abilities can still get through.
666. Acid Trail,1.9
#Wherever you walk, you leave behind a trail of acid that sizzles and corrodes the ground beneath you. Excellent for ruining floors and discouraging anyone from following you.
667. Acidic Blood,2.7
#Your blood is acidic and pressurized, spurting out under force whenever your skin is pierced. Great deterrent against anyone who tries to cut you, less great when you're trying to bandage a paper cut without melting your furniture.
668. Acidic Bodily Fluids,3.0
#All of your bodily fluids - blood, mucus, saliva, sebum, sweat, urine - are acidic to varying degrees. You may need a specific diet to maintain the corrosive potency, and you'll need to invest heavily in acid-proof clothing.
669. Acidic Mucus,1.4
#Your snot is acidic. Sneezing in public has now become a war crime, and you'll need to invest in a lot of acid-resistant tissues.
670. Acidic Saliva,2.1
#Your saliva is acidic, allowing you to spit corrosive globs at enemies or simply ruin every meal you eat. You may not be fully immune to your own bile, so be careful when biting your tongue.
671. Acidic Slime Mimicry,4.4
#Your body is made of, or can transform completely into, acidic slime. In this form you can squeeze through small gaps, reform from being splattered, and dissolve anything that comes into contact with you, but you carry the standard weaknesses of regular slime.
672. Acidic Sweat,1.7
#Your sweat has corrosive properties, eating through clothing and slowly damaging anything you touch when you perspire. The hotter it gets, the more dangerous you become, but staying hydrated is critical.
673. Acne Mimicry,3.1
#Your body is made of, or can transform completely into, acne. You may transform into an anatomically identical version of yourself made entirely of pimples, or into a homogeneous mass of pus and boils. Vulnerable to popping and acne medication.
674. Acquired Immunity,5.7
#You develop immunity to harmful factors (elements, effects, powers, objects) through exposure. The more you suffer through something, the more resistant you become, and with enough time you may become entirely invulnerable to it. The catch is that the initial exposure must not kill you outright.
675. Action Embodiment,6.6
#You are the living embodiment of the action genre, the concept and conveyance of excitement found in fiction. Explosions happen behind you on cue, you never miss a one-liner, your stunts always succeed, and the laws of physics bend slightly to give you the cooler outcome.
676. Action Empowerment,5.8
#Any action you perform, voluntary or involuntary, makes you stronger, faster, smarter, and more durable. Breathing, blinking, walking, talking, eating, even sneezing all empower you. Given enough time and consistent activity, your growth is functionally unlimited.
677. Adaptation Immunity,5.0
#You are immune to all forms of adaptation powers used against you. Combat adaptation, adaptive attacks, preemptive adaptation and similar powers cannot key into you, leaving even hyper-evolving opponents unable to gain any traction. Does not affect skill-based learning that doesn't physically modify the user.
678. Adaptive Appearance,4.2
#Your appearance shifts based on your adaptations, your form changing to match whatever you have evolved to handle. After enough adaptations you may forget what you originally looked like entirely. Vulnerable to mode lock and shapeshifting negation.
679. Adaptive Augmentation,5.5
#Your body, whether through genetics or cybernetics, is built to adapt. You evolve to overcome whatever situation you find yourself in, your physical form reshaping to better survive whatever environment or threat is testing you.
680. Adaptive Defense,6.4
#Your defenses scale endlessly upward in response to attacks, raising your durability to outscale whatever threat is hitting you and developing immunities to anything used against you twice. With enough time, you become functionally invulnerable to everything you have ever faced, but you must survive the first strike.
681. Adaptive Development,6.0
#You possess a rapid development rate, permanently pushing past your limits within minutes of reaching them. Physical, mental and supernatural growth all stack up endlessly over your lifetime, though the rate slows as your limits become harder to reach. Vulnerable to being defeated quickly before the gap can close.
682. Adaptive Metabolism,5.8
#Your metabolism is supernaturally adaptive, letting you withstand toxins, survive harsh conditions and recover from lethal damage. You learn faster, build muscle faster, and incorporate enhancing drugs permanently into your body. Gradual exposure builds powerful elemental immunities, though truly transcendent threats can still kill you.
683. Adaptive Mind,5.4
#Your mind instantly analyses any environment or situation and deduces the optimal course of action. You are never caught off guard, sudden changes only sharpen you, and you always know the right call to make. Requires sufficient baseline intelligence to actually execute on the conclusions it hands you.
684. Adaptive Movement,3.6
#Your body automatically adjusts the way it moves to fit any environment or situation. Climbing, swimming, sprinting on ice, scrambling across rubble; whatever the terrain demands, your gait, footing and balance shift to match it without thought.
685. Adaptive Power Level,7.4
#Your power level spontaneously rises to match any superior opponent or hardship in front of you. Raw power, speed, durability and skill all keep climbing until the opposition is severely outmatched, and at extreme breaking points you shed into a new super-powerful form entirely. Will not work against true Singularity or Indeterminacy.
686. Adaptive Regeneration,6.8
#You regenerate from injury and adapt against whatever caused it. A scratch makes you harder to scratch, a poison teaches your body to resist that poison, a stronger blow only makes you tougher and possibly stronger. Given enough exposure you become impossible to kill the same way twice, though the regeneration must complete before you can adapt, and instant death effects can still bypass it.
687. Adaptive Resurrection,5.7
#Whenever you are killed, you resurrect with a resistance or outright immunity to whatever method killed you. Each death teaches your body and soul a new lesson, though the effect may not always be permanent and you can still be locked into a deathless vegetative state without ever triggering the resurrection.
688. Adar Llwch Gwin Physiology,4.1
#Welsh Mythology - You either are or can transform into an Adar Llwch Gwin, an enormous raptor of Welsh legend capable of understanding human language and obeying its master without question. Larger and far stronger than any mortal hawk or falcon, though still mortal enough to be wounded like any other great bird.
689. Adaro Physiology,4.0
#Solomon Islands Folklore - You are or can transform into an Adaro, a malevolent shark-like merman born from the wicked half of a soul. You possess gills behind your ears, finned feet, a dorsal horn and a swordfish-like spear growing from your head, along with the lethal aquatic prowess of the spirit itself.
690. Additional Bones,2.8
#Your body has more bones than a regular person. The extra skeletal mass grants greater strength and durability, and can even take the form of new appendages, though hiding them under normal clothing isn't always possible and your organs have to make room.
691. Additional Limbs,3.0
#You possess or can grow additional limbs, extra arms, legs, or even heads. Useful for multitasking, combat and grappling, though depending on how they manifest you may not be able to retract them.
692. Additional Muscles,2.9
#Your body has more muscles than a regular person. The extra musculature grants greater strength and durability, and can even support new appendages, though it makes your build difficult to hide and crowds the organs around it.
693. Adhesion Immunity,1.6
#You are immune to adhesives and adhesion. Glue, tape, sticky webbing, none of it can stick to you, and adhesive-based attacks slide off your body harmlessly.
694. Adhesive Bodily Fluids,2.3
#Your bodily fluids, blood, sweat, saliva, all of it, are powerfully adhesive. Anything they touch ends up stuck, which is excellent for combat and climbing and inconvenient for almost everything else.
695. Adhesive Mimicry,4.1
#Your body is made of, or can transform completely into, adhesive substance. In homogeneous form there is no vital point to strike and damage simply rearranges your mass, though inexperienced users may struggle to return to their original shape.
696. Adhesive Saliva,1.7
#Your saliva is powerfully adhesive. You can spit to stick small objects to surfaces, glue an enemy's hand to their weapon, or seal wounds in a pinch. Limited by how much spit you can produce in a sitting.
697. Adhesive Skin,2.1
#Your skin is sticky on command, letting you climb walls and ceilings like a gecko or hold onto objects without effort. You can toggle the stickiness so you don't get glued to your own bedsheets.
698. Adhesive Tongue,1.6
#Your tongue is long and sticky like a frog's, capable of snatching objects from a distance and holding them firm. Great for grabbing the remote or catching flies mid-air.
699. Adlet Physiology,3.3
#You possess the body of an Adlet, a dog-human hybrid from Inuit legend. You are faster and stronger than any normal human with heightened canine senses, but you are still mortal and vulnerable to Inuit relics and rituals.
700. Advanced Technology Self-Restoration,6.2
#Your body is rebuilt by advanced nanomachines whenever it is damaged, regenerating from cuts, broken bones, lost limbs or even complete physical destruction. Vulnerable to crash codes, malware and EMP-based attacks that can corrupt the rebuilding data.
701. Adventure Embodiment,5.7
#You are the embodiment of adventure itself, the avatar of bold undertakings and the thrill of the unknown. Reality bends to give you new horizons, lucky discoveries and dramatic challenges to overcome. Lose your will for adventure and the power abandons you.
702. Aerial Adaptation,2.6
#Your body is adapted to extreme high or low air pressures, never suffering from altitude sickness, oxygen deprivation or wind buffeting. You are also fully immune to vertigo and any fear of heights.
703. Aerial Balance,2.3
#You possess perfect balance while airborne, never being knocked askew by gusts of wind or sudden impacts. You can stand on a tightrope in a hurricane or stay upright mid-flight no matter what hits you.
704. Aerokinetic Immunity,2.0
#You are completely immune to air and wind, no matter how concentrated. Hurricanes pass over you without ruffling your hair, and pressurized air attacks simply don't register.
705. Aerokinetic Regeneration,4.3
#Your wounds knit themselves back together as long as you can breathe, drawing on the oxygen and nitrogen in the air around you. The richer the atmosphere, the faster you heal; in a vacuum, you're as fragile as anyone else.
706. Aerokinetic Senses,3.5
#Your senses are carried and sharpened by the air itself, letting you hear, smell and feel currents, vibrations and pressure shifts with absolute clarity. Magic and certain drugs can scramble the effect.
707. Aerokinetically Enhanced Agility,2.6
#Air currents subtly buoy and redirect your movements, making you more agile than your body should allow. You twist, dodge and land impossible jumps as the wind itself adjusts under you.
708. Aerokinetically Enhanced Condition,3.5
#Your physical condition is augmented across the board by air manipulation, letting you jump farther, react faster and hit harder than your frame should allow. Pushing the enhancement too long can leave you battered by the very forces enhancing you.
709. Aerokinetically Enhanced Durability,3.4
#Your body is constantly buffered by an invisible layer of pressurized air that absorbs and deflects incoming blows. Hits that should shatter bones get cushioned into bruises, although durability negation cuts straight through.
710. Aerokinetically Enhanced Speed,3.2
#Air parts around you and propels you forward, dropping your wind resistance to nothing and adding jet-like thrust to your stride. Take you out of contact with open air and you're back to your baseline.
711. Aerokinetically Enhanced Stamina,2.5
#The air around you feeds your endurance, letting you exert yourself far longer than your lungs and muscles should allow. As long as you can breathe, you can keep going.
712. Aerokinetically Enhanced Strength,3.3
#Air pressure and currents amplify your muscles whenever you exert yourself, letting you tear open massive objects and land wind-aided blows that hit far harder than your frame should allow.
713. Aeroscience,5.4
#You possess complete omniscience over everything related to the air, the skies, gases, vacuums, weather and the atmosphere. Any secret carried on the wind or hidden in the sky is laid bare to you, although your knowledge stops where the air ends.
714. Aesthetic Activity,2.8
#Every motion you make carries an inherent grace and beauty that draws the eye. Onlookers find themselves entranced by the way you move, fight and act, although your joints still get tired and sore like anyone else's.
715. Aether Embodiment,8.5
#You are the Aether incarnate, the living celestial element itself. You have limitless control over Aether and can manifest it in any form you wish, from elemental forces to spiritual essence to primordial creation. Your only true weakness is the Nether, the antithesis of what you embody.
716. Aether Empowerment,3.6
#You become stronger, faster and more durable when in contact with Aether, with the celestial element potentially unlocking new abilities related to your affinity. With enough exposure, you may even draw sustenance from it and slow your aging significantly.
717. Aether Physiology,7.8
#Your body is made of Aether itself, the celestial element that binds the universe together. You can transform fully or partially into pure quintessence and wield divine abilities involving the elements, the cosmos, the spiritual and the primordial. To most beings you are essentially invincible.
718. Afanc Physiology,3.2
#You are or can transform into an Afanc, a Welsh lake monster variously described as resembling a crocodile, beaver, dwarf-like creature or platypus. You possess enhanced aquatic physical abilities and a demonic edge, though you remain vulnerable to monster slayers.
719. African Wild Dog Physiology,2.8
#You are or can transform into an African wild dog, gaining their lean musculature, incredible stamina and pack-hunting instincts. Few land predators can outlast you in a chase, and your bite force is disproportionate to your size.
720. Afrosoricida Physiology,1.9
#You are or can transform into an afrosoricid such as a tenrec, otter shrew or golden mole. You gain their burrowing instincts and surprising resilience for their size, but you are limited by being small, often nocturnal and rather poor of eyesight.
721. Afterlife Embodiment,7.3
#You are the afterlife made flesh, heaven, hell, limbo and purgatory all walking around in one body. The dead are drawn to you, the laws of the hereafter bend around your presence, and wherever you stand can become the final resting place of anything that dies there.
722. Afterlife Transcendence,8.1
#You have ascended past the afterlife itself into a state of true liberation, a place of perfect rest and freedom beyond heaven, hell, and everything between. Untethered from the borders of life and death, you can travel freely through either and even back to the original source of existence itself.
723. Agathodaemon Physiology,5.7
#You are or can transform into an agathodaemon, a noble Greek companion spirit tied to personal destinies, good fortune, wealth, health, harvests, and the home. As a guardian spirit you bring luck and protection to those in your charge, though your eternal enemies the cacodemons exist to undo everything you build.
724. Age Empowerment,6.3
#You grow exponentially stronger with every year you're alive, your body and skills sharpening on their own as time passes. Without some form of immortality you'll still die of natural causes eventually, but if you last, your ceiling climbs forever.
725. Agile Body Parts,2.3
#Your limbs and body parts can change direction and speed with absurd ease, allowing unpredictable attack angles and strange, jerky motions. May need reinforced muscle bonds to keep the parts from flying off entirely when you whip them around.
726. Agility/Absolute,9.0
#Your agility, reflexes, and motor coordination are infinite. You stand at the pinnacle of every being in the multiverse when it comes to movement, and actually landing a hit on you is virtually impossible. Only another with agility of the same tier could ever hope to touch you.
727. Agility/Supernatural,5.6
#Your agility, reflexes, balance, and coordination are vastly beyond human, enough to dodge projectiles moving several times faster than light. You are one of the most agile beings in your verse, though absolute-tier attacks and Absolute Agility users will still outmaneuver you.
728. Agility,3.3
#Your agility surpasses Olympic-level athletes across the board, with flexibility, balance, coordination, reflexes, and speed all pushed to the top of human capability. You could be the world's finest dancer, martial artist, or gymnast with the proper training.
729. Aging Immunity,4.3
#You are immune to the negative effects of aging, your body staying at its physical prime regardless of the years. You still technically grow older and can still be pushed past your lifespan by outside forces, but the slow decay of time itself no longer touches you.
730. Agropelter Physiology,3.2
#You are or can transform into an Agropelter, an ape-like cryptid with long prehensile limbs that haunts the woods of North America. You possess the arm strength to tear branches from trees and hurl them with devastating accuracy. Highly territorial, especially toward lumberjacks.
731. Ahkiyyini Physiology,5.7
#Inuit Mythology - You are or can transform into an Ahkiyyini, a destructive sea-demon resembling a giant skeleton that beats upon mystic drums to summon tidal waves and earthquakes. You embody the ocean's most violent and unpredictable nature. Vulnerable to certain Inuit rituals and prayers.
732. Ahuizotl Physiology,4.6
#Aztec Mythology - You are or can transform into an Ahuizotl, a water dog-like being with waterproof fur that clumps into spikes. You possess hands on your limbs and an additional grasping hand on your tail, perfect for snatching prey and dragging them into the depths. You hunger for human flesh, especially nails, eyes and teeth.
733. Aigamuxa Physiology,4.1
#African Folklore - You are or can transform into an Aigamuxa, a horrific desert-dwelling monster with eyes on the soles of its feet. You possess immense strength, terrifying speed, and long deadly teeth, but to see your prey you must stand on your hands. Aggressive, cruel, and easily outwitted by clever opponents.
734. Air Consumption,2.7
#You can consume and digest air to sustain your body and fuel your powers. You'll never need to eat again, but if you're sealed in a vacuum, you'll starve just like anyone else.
735. Air Embodiment,7.5
#You are the physical manifestation of the element of air itself. The Wind made flesh. Your control over air, wind, and atmosphere is essentially limitless, bound only by your knowledge and skill. May be weak against earth-aligned beings of equivalent rank.
736. Air Empowerment,3.6
#You become stronger, faster, and more durable when in contact with air or wind, unlocking and amplifying related abilities. Some users can even draw sustenance from the air itself or slow their aging in windy environments.
737. Air Soul,4.4
#Your very soul is made of air. You can manifest it outside your body, channel its winds into various aerokinetic abilities, and tap into the affinities of elemental spirits, sylphs and sky deities. Vulnerable to soul-based attacks like any other soul.
738. Air Symbiosis,4.2
#You play host to an air-based being or wind force inside your body, gaining powerful aerokinetic abilities from the bond. The entity may try to take over your mind or body, and the airy force itself can become overwhelming if not properly managed.
739. Aka Manto Physiology,4.6
#You either are or can mimic the traits of an Aka Manto, a malevolent toilet-demon from Japanese folklore who haunts cursed bathroom stalls in a red cape. You possess immense supernatural strength within your stall and can offer cruel choices to victims who enter, but you are powerless outside of designated bathrooms and vulnerable to Shinto rites.
740. Aka Shita Physiology,4.3
#You either are or can transform into an Aka Shita, a vengeful spirit with a monstrous red tongue, sharp fangs and claws, the rest of your body obscured by a dark cloud you can dwell within. You manifest to punish those who steal water during droughts, lapping it up with your enormous tongue, but you are bound by your role as a spirit of vengeance.
741. Akaei Physiology,5.7
#You either are or can transform into an Akaei, a colossal stingray sea-monster from Japanese folklore that can reach 12 kilometers in length. Your sheer size lets sailors mistake your back for an island, and your every movement creates whirlpools strong enough to sink fleets, though you are not malicious by nature.
742. Akaname Physiology,2.2
#You either are or can transform into an Akaname, an ugly little yokai with a horrendously elongated tongue used to lap up filth in neglected bathrooms. You are a harbinger of disease and misfortune but are easily warded off by basic hygiene.
743. Akhlut Physiology,4.7
#You either are or can transform into an Akhlut, a man-eating sea-demon from Inuit folklore that takes the form of an orca, a wolf, or a fearsome hybrid of both. Intelligent, ruthless and built to hunt humans across both land and sea, but vulnerable to Inuit rites.
744. Akkorokamui Physiology,6.6
#You either are or can transform into Akkorokamui, a divine octopus-monster from Ainu folklore reaching 120 meters in length, your striking red body glowing like the setting sun on water. Your enormous staring eyes and noxious dark ink make you a terror of the deep, and your divine nature grants you reverence as well as power.
745. Akuchu Physiology,1.4
#You either are or can transform into an Akuchu, a microscopic insect-like yokai with six sharp claws used to grasp a victim's spleen and steal the nourishment from their food. Useful for sabotaging diets, easily cured by Chinese thistle medicine.
746. Al-Mi'raj Physiology,3.0
#You either are or can transform into Al-Mi'raj, a carnivorous rabbit from Arabian mythology with a sharp unicorn-like horn. Surprisingly aggressive and far stronger than a rabbit has any right to be.
747. Ala Physiology,5.4
#You either are or can transform into an Ala, a female storm-demon from Slavic mythology who leads hailstorms and thunderclouds to ruin crops and devour children. Your gluttony extends to the heavens, and you have been known to try and swallow the Sun or Moon, but you are the sworn enemy of dragons and dragon-blooded men.
748. Alan Physiology,3.3
#You either are or can transform into an alan, a deformed avian trickster spirit with backwards-pointing fingers and toes. You raise abandoned children and even shape miscarried fetuses into kin of your own, though you can be controlled by wielders of Mythical Beast Manipulation.
749. Alces Physiology,2.3
#You either are or can transform into an Alces, also known as a moose or Eurasian elk. Imposing antlers, surprising speed, and the kind of stubborn weight that wins arguments with cars.
750. Alchemic Symbiosis,5.0
#You host an alchemy-based entity within yourself, a homunculus, a transmutation spirit, or even an embodiment of alchemy itself, gaining its power as your own. Be warned that powerful alchemic entities may try to take over your body, or simply burn it out from the inside.
751. Alchemical Dragon Physiology,6.4
#You either are or can transform into an Alchemical Dragon, a rare breed of dragon either created through alchemy or born with mastery over it. You possess all the standard might of a dragon plus the ability to transmute matter, brew vital essences, and reshape your own body through hermetic art.
752. Alchemical Symbol Empowerment,3.6
#You become stronger, faster and more durable in the presence of alchemical symbols, possibly drawing sustenance from them or unlocking related abilities. Without symbols nearby you are merely your baseline self.
753. Alchemy Empowerment,3.7
#You grow stronger, faster and more durable in the presence of alchemy and alchemic substances, possibly drawing sustenance from them or even slowing your aging. Without a hermetic source nearby, you are reduced to your baseline self.
754. Alcohol Empowerment,3.2
#Drunken Master - You become stronger, faster and more durable when alcohol is in your system or nearby, and your sloshed movements throw enemies off balance. The deeper you drink the stronger you get, but you are very likely to develop alcoholism and may lose yourself entirely in the bender.
755. Alcohol Immunity,1.5
#You cannot get drunk, no matter how much you put away. Hangovers, alcoholism and liver damage simply do not apply to you. Truly tragic if you actually enjoy the buzz.
756. Alcohol Mimicry,3.5
#Your body is made of alcohol, or can transform into it at will. You can shift between human form and homogeneous liquor, becoming wine, vodka or even rubbing alcohol. Just be careful not to get drunk by someone.
757. Alebrije Physiology,4.6
#You are or can transform into an alebrije, a brightly colored mixed-animal hybrid beast from Mexican folklore. Your form combines traits from multiple animals into a single vibrant supernatural creature, granting you a chimeric mix of physical abilities and a mystical presence.
758. Algal Physiology,2.8
#Your body is made of or can transform into algal matter. You can shift into a homogeneous slime form or retain your shape with all organs intact, just made of green photosynthetic muck.
759. Alicorn Physiology,5.8
#You are or can transform into an alicorn, a winged unicorn possessing the powers of both pegasi and unicorns. You can fly, channel horn-magic, and embody the regal presence of mythological royalty all at once.
760. Alien Animal Physiology,4.8
#You are or can transform into an extraterrestrial animal of nearly any conceivable design. Given the infinite variety of alien fauna in fiction, your possible powers are absurdly broad, but the form you mimic may need a specific environment to survive and may not have human intelligence.
761. Alien Blood,3.0
#Your blood is of extraterrestrial origin, sometimes possessing strange and unpredictable properties along with unusual coloration like green, blue, purple or black. The exact effects depend on what kind of alien you are descended from.
762. Alien Canine Physiology,4.4
#You are or can transform into an extraterrestrial canine, possessing whatever traits your specific alien-dog form provides. May need a particular environment to survive long term and the form may not retain human intelligence.
763. Alien Crustacean Physiology,4.3
#You are or can transform into an extraterrestrial crustacean, a chitin-plated horror from beyond the stars. Whatever exotic traits your alien shell carries are yours to wield, though Alien Slayers and Alien Manipulators are your natural enemies.
764. Alien Dinosaur Physiology,5.4
#You are or can transform into an extraterrestrial dinosaur. Given the infinite possibilities of alien evolution, your form could possess nearly any trait, from acid blood to gravity-defying scales, alongside the raw physical might of a prehistoric apex predator. May require a specific atmosphere to thrive.
765. Alien Divinity,7.8
#You possess an eldritch form of divinity, your divine source foreign to any pantheon known to this cosmos. You wield raw divine power untethered from the rules that bind local gods, making you an alien holy being whose very nature warps the expectations of mortals and immortals alike. Vulnerable to divine slayers.
766. Alien Dragon Physiology,6.2
#You are or can transform into an alien dragon, a creature whose draconic majesty was forged on a world that never knew Earth. Your combat instincts are razor-sharp, your genes are pristine, and you can evolve in beneficial directions far faster than any normal beast. Your powers and weaknesses differ wildly from any dragon of legend.
767. Alien Feline Physiology,4.3
#You are or can transform into an extraterrestrial feline. Imagine a tiger from a world with twice Earth's gravity and venom in its claws, then keep going. Your specific traits depend on which alien feline you embody.
768. Alien Hybrid Physiology,5.0
#You are the offspring of two or more alien species, whether through mating or genetic experimentation. You inherit a mixed bag of traits and powers from your alien parents, though you may also inherit some of their weaknesses.
769. Alien Insect Physiology,4.5
#You are or can transform into an extraterrestrial being that fuses alien biology with insectoid traits. Chitin from another star, compound eyes that see frequencies no Earth bug ever could, and the tireless drone of a hive carved by an alien evolution.
770. Alien Kaiju Physiology,7.0
#You are or can transform into an alien kaiju, a colossal monster born of extraterrestrial origin. Your size, raw destructive power, and otherworldly biology make you a city-leveler at minimum, with specific traits varying based on which alien titan you embody.
771. Alien Mind,5.7
#Your mind is wired in a way no human, demon or god would call sane. Telepathy bounces off, mind control fizzles, and anyone foolish enough to peek inside your psyche risks their own sanity shattering against the eldritch geometry of your thoughts. Indomitable will users may endure briefly before breaking.
772. Alien Monster Physiology,5.6
#You are or can transform into an extraterrestrial monstrosity. Your form is something between predator and nightmare, drawn from a biology that simply has nothing to compare with on Earth, making you both terrifying and incredibly difficult to predict in combat.
773. Alien Physiology,5.3
#You are or can transform into an alien, a life form that originates from beyond Earth. Given the near-infinite variety of possible extraterrestrials, your specific powers and traits could be almost anything, from acidic blood to psionic dominion to silicon-based immortality.
774. Alien Reincarnation,5.4
#You are the reincarnation of an alien entity, inheriting some of the extraterrestrial powers of your previous incarnation. The further you push, the more you may unlock memories and abilities from the being you used to be.
775. Alien Reptile Physiology,4.4
#You are or can transform into a reptilian alien. Cold-blooded does not begin to describe what evolved on whatever distant world you were modelled after, your scales housing biology that no Earth herpetologist could even begin to classify.
776. Alien Soul,5.6
#Your soul, or souls, belong to various alien beings, each one carrying a different set of abilities. Your spirit is layered like a chorus of foreign minds, granting you a versatility that mortal souls simply cannot match. Vulnerable to soul absorption.
777. All-Terrain Mobility,2.3
#You move across any terrain with perfect traction, whether it is loose sand, sheer ice, mud, gravel, or dense undergrowth. Slopes, slippery surfaces and unstable footing simply do not affect your balance, making you a natural at parkour and off-road traversal.
778. Alloy Mimicry,3.9
#You can transform your body partially or fully into any alloy of your choosing, gaining the physical properties of whatever metal you choose. A steel form makes you blade-resistant, a brass form makes you corrosion-resistant, but you also inherit the weaknesses of whatever you become.
779. Ally Empowerment,3.7
#The closer your allies are to you, the stronger you become. Standing next to a friend boosts your strength, speed and durability, and a full team beside you can amplify your abilities to several times their baseline. The bond has to be real though, mere acquaintances barely count.
780. Almighty Object Fusion,8.0
#You can permanently fuse with any almighty artifact, relic, or supremely powerful object, gaining its powers as your own forever. The catch is that the fusion may feed on your life force, and you can never separate yourself from the object once the bond is made.
781. Almighty Symbiosis,8.6
#You host or are bonded to an almighty entity, gaining virtually unlimited power within your universe through the connection. The entity provides the strength, but as with most symbiosis, there is always a price, whether it be your soul, your body, or pieces of your identity over time.
782. Alp-Luachra Physiology,3.1
#Celtic Mythology - You are or can transform into an alp-luachra, a newt-like fairy that crawls into sleeping people's mouths and eats half the essence of the food they have eaten. You sustain yourself by leeching nutrition from others without them knowing, though salted meat near a stream can lure you out against your will.
783. Alraune Physiology,3.3
#You are or can transform into an alraune, a plant monster shaped like a human woman with floral traits, born from the blood of executed men soaked into fertile soil. You possess the alraune's amorous, soulless nature and plant-based body, vulnerable to fire and blades but capable of seducing nearly anyone who crosses your path.
784. Altered Chemistry,4.5
#Your body is governed by an entirely different set of chemical laws than the rest of the universe. Your atomic structure, biochemistry, and the way matter reacts with you all work on rules nobody else can predict. You might generate impossible compounds just by sweating, or be utterly immune to substances that would kill anyone else, but you may also have bizarre weaknesses you do not yet understand.
785. Altered Interaction,5.2
#You interact with reality differently than everyone else around you. Friction speeds you up instead of slowing you down, hard surfaces feel soft when you touch them, gravity might pull you sideways, and so on. The exact rules are unique to you and not always under your control, which can be both a blessing and a serious hazard.
786. Altered Physics,6.6
#You are governed by entirely different physical laws than the rest of the universe. Conservation of energy, inertia, gravity, the math behind kinetic energy, all of these apply to you in ways nobody can predict. You might fall up, accelerate without effort, or shrug off impacts that would flatten a tank, but the rules are not always under your control.
787. Alternate Digestion,1.6
#You can digest food through body parts other than your mouth and stomach, like your ears, your skin, or whatever else you fancy. Useful for eating discreetly or surviving when your normal digestive system is compromised, though some foods may not break down properly through unconventional channels.
788. Alternate Respiration,1.6
#You can breathe through means other than your mouth or nostrils, such as your skin or ears. Useful when gagged, drowning, or in a smoky room, though you may only be able to sustain it for limited periods.
789. Alternate-Self Consistency,3.2
#You and every alternate version of yourself across the multiverse share the same personality, appearance, powers, ambitions and desires regardless of the world they were born into. This makes Alternate-Self Mimicry and Transformation effectively useless against you, but your alternates can never grow too far from the core that binds you all.
790. Alternative Communication,3.0
#Your method of communication is so radically alien that outsiders find it physically impossible to understand, overhear or reproduce. You may speak through dreams, memories, natural phenomena or means with no basis in the physical world at all. Users of Telepathic Translation or Linguistic Assimilation may eventually crack it.
791. Alternative Medicine Empowerment,3.9
#You become stronger, faster and more durable in the presence of alternative medicine, possibly drawing nourishment from it or slowing your aging. Without a source of alternative medicine to feed on, you may grow noticeably weaker.
792. Alternative Sustenance,3.1
#You can sustain yourself through unusual means rather than the traditional eating, drinking and sleeping. Sunlight, moonlight, fire, metal, or simply standing inverted in meditation can all keep you going, depending on what your body has adapted to.
793. Alternative Thinking,3.6
#Your way of thinking is so radically different from the norm that you process information in ways no one else would consider, often coming off as insane or nonsensical. You can solve puzzles others can't, formulate strategies they'd never see coming, and catch opponents completely off guard, though your alien thought process may also work against you in mundane life.
794. Amabie Physiology,4.5
#You either are or can transform into an Amabie, a long-haired mermaid-like yōkai with a scaly body, beak-like mouth and three legs. When you emerge from the sea you can prophesize abundant harvests or coming epidemics, and likenesses of you ward off illness.
795. Amanojaku Physiology,4.1
#You are an Amanojaku, a malevolent little demon from Japanese folklore that delights in corrupting humans into wickedness. You possess minor physical enhancements, a knack for tempting others toward evil deeds and a talent for mischief, but you are vulnerable to Shinto rituals and prayers.
796. Amazake Baba Physiology,3.2
#You are an Amazake Baba, an ugly yokai-hag who wanders door to door begging for sake. Anyone who answers your call is struck with illness and misfortune, typically a lingering common cold, though your curses can be warded off by cedar branches and proper signs.
797. Amazon Physiology,4.7
#Greek Mythology - You are an Amazon, a member of the legendary all-female warrior race blessed by the gods. You possess enhanced strength, speed, durability and reflexes well beyond any human, alongside an intuitive aptitude for archery, horsemanship, swordsmanship and hand-to-hand combat.
798. Ambition Embodiment,6.3
#You embody the very concept of Ambition, the burning drive for success and greatness. Your words sway hearts with frightening ease, you naturally gather loyal followers and armies to your banner, and your strength grows the higher you set your sights. Without ambition of your own, however, the power gives you nothing.
799. Ambition Empowerment,4.0
#You grow stronger, faster and more durable in proportion to the ambition burning within yourself and those around you. The grander your goals, the more your existing powers flourish, and some of the most ambitious users have been said to slow or even stop their own aging.
800. Ame Onna Physiology,3.4
#You are an Ame Onna, a malicious yokai-hag from Japanese folklore who appears only during rainstorms. You lap rainwater from your hands like an animal, possess minor weather influence over rain, and carry a large sack to spirit away children, though Shinto prayers and rituals can drive you off.
801. Amefuri Kozo Physiology,3.3
#You are an Amefuri Kozo, a small ugly-cute child-like yokai serving the Japanese god of rain. You can summon rainfall in localised areas, are well liked by kitsune and other rain-aligned spirits, and have an irresistible compulsion to steal umbrellas and wear them on your head.
802. Amesha Spenta Physiology,6.5
#You possess the traits and abilities of an Amesha Spenta, one of the seven divine emanations of Ahura Mazda from Zoroastrian myth. You are the equivalent of an archangel, wielding sacred authority, immense divine power and dominion over a particular aspect of creation such as truth, devotion or immortality.
803. Amorphous Physiology,5.3
#Your body is composed of a flexible amorphous substance with no vital organs or fixed shape. Physical attacks merely reorganise your form harmlessly, since every part of your mass is molecularly identical, and with practice you can change your shape, density and texture at will.
804. Amphibian Adaptation,2.3
#Your body is adapted to thrive in both water and on land. You can breathe underwater indefinitely, swim with ease, and your skin handles the transition between wet and dry environments without any of the usual problems that plague land or water dwellers.
805. Amphibian Physiology,2.9
#You are or can transform into an amphibian, such as a frog, toad, salamander or caecilian. You gain their natural abilities including moist skin breathing, powerful jumping legs or a long sticky tongue, though your eating habits and need for ambient warmth will likely change in unpleasant ways.
806. Amphibianoid Physiology,3.0
#You are an amphibianoid, a humanoid with the traits of frogs, toads or other amphibians. You possess a powerful tongue, sticky pads on your fingers, can breathe through your skin and swim with ease. You must keep your skin moist or you will suffer.
807. Amphiptere Physiology,4.6
#You are or can transform into an amphiptere, a winged serpent that can range from the size of a regular snake to something closely resembling a dragon. You possess potent venom, scales harder than steel and the ability to fly, though your flight may be clumsy and you grow sluggish in the cold.
808. Anachronism,5.7
#You are a temporal anomaly, born into the wrong era or timeline as if it were your proper place. You age and move at a pace that defies the normal flow of time, are highly resistant to temporal abilities and can survive in time-irregular dimensions. You may also have intuitive flashes of knowledge from your true era.
809. Ancestral Paradox Immunity,6.2
#You exist independent of your own history. If someone were to travel back in time and kill your ancestors, you would still exist as if nothing had changed. You are immune to grandfather paradoxes and other temporal tampering with your lineage, though others may forget you exist as a side effect.
810. Ancestral Reincarnation,4.3
#You are the reincarnation of one of your own ancestors. The memories, skills and powers of your past life are far easier to access than they would be otherwise, given the shared blood. You may have to retrain your body to handle abilities your past self once wielded.
811. Ancient Alien Physiology,5.3
#You are an ancient alien, an unearthly creature from a long-forgotten era of the cosmos. Your physiology is wholly inhuman and grants you traits no Earthly biology could match, the exact nature of which depends on what kind of ancient star-being you happen to be.
812. Ancient Arthropod Physiology,3.6
#You are or have the traits of an ancient arthropod, possibly a meter-long centipede, a sea scorpion the size of a man, or a giant prehistoric dragonfly. You possess chitinous armor, multiple limbs and the brutal lethality of creatures from a time when bugs ruled the Earth.
813. Ancient Cephalopod Physiology,3.7
#You are or have the traits of an ancient cephalopod, perhaps an ammonite or one of the towering orthocones that once ruled the prehistoric seas. You possess powerful tentacles, a sharp beak, jet propulsion and the alien intelligence of one of nature's strangest predators.
814. Ancient Echinoderm Physiology,3.0
#You are or have the traits of an ancient echinoderm, such as a sea urchin, sea star, or sea lily from a forgotten era. You possess radial symmetry, regenerative limbs and a hardened exoskeleton, your body alien even by Earth standards.
815. Ancient Fish Physiology,3.4
#You are or have the traits of an ancient fish, perhaps a Dunkleosteus with armored plating and bone-crushing jaws, or a leviathan-sized Megalodon. You possess incredible strength, an aquatic body and the predatory instincts of an apex hunter from forgotten seas.
816. Ancient Mammal Physiology,4.0
#You are or can turn into an ancient mammal, ranging from a sabertooth tiger to a woolly mammoth or a giant ground sloth. You gain the physical might, fur, tusks, claws and survival instincts of creatures that once dominated the Ice Age.
817. Ancient Reptile Physiology,4.8
#You are or can turn into an ancient reptile, possibly a dinosaur, pterosaur or marine reptile from the prehistoric past. The exact form varies wildly, but each grants apex-predator physiology, devastating natural weapons and the raw power of a creature that once ruled the world.
818. Ancient Robot Physiology,4.2
#You are or can transform into an ancient robot, built with bygone mechanics, primitive fuel sources and predetermined operation sequences. Despite the archaic design, some primordial models rival or surpass modern machines, possessing surprising durability and self-operating routines.
819. Android Physiology,4.0
#You are or can transform into an android, a robotic being designed to imitate organic human life. Your synthetic frame is built from artificial organic-like material, granting you mechanical reliability while still allowing you to pass for human in most interactions.
820. Anemoi Physiology,6.6
#Greek Mythology - You are or can transform into an Anemoi, a Greco-Roman wind deity embodying the four directional winds and their associated seasons. You wield divine authority over air, weather phenomena and the changing of seasons, ruling spring, summer, autumn or winter as a god.
821. Angel Dragon Physiology,6.0
#You are or can transform into an angelic dragon, a hybrid of dragon and angel possessing the abilities of both. Your presence radiates a surreal, holy and benevolent atmosphere, making you rarer and more mystical than a standard dragon, but you remain vulnerable to unholy forces and the risk of falling.
822. Angel Machine Physiology,6.3
#You are or can transform into a bionic being infused with angelic power, an android or cyborg of celestial origin. Your divine machinery allows you to level entire areas and overwhelm foes with holy firepower, though demonic forces remain a threat.
823. Angel Physiology Superior,6.2
#You are an empowered angel, granted brand new abilities on top of your already coexisting angelic power set. As a Superangel you wield powers far beyond a normal angel and possess the intellect to use them constructively, placing you well above the standard celestial host.
824. Angel Physiology Transcendent,8.4
#You are an angelic being of godly power, the absolute pinnacle of the heavenly host. No ordinary angel could ever hope to equal you, granting you the highest rank in Heaven and the potential to rule entire universes single-handedly, or even forge your own creation parallel to the existing one.
825. Angel Physiology,5.4
#You possess the traits and abilities of an angel, a being connected to higher powers. You manifest the typical wings, inner glow and halo, with enhanced strength, divine senses and holy energy, though you remain vulnerable to falling from grace and to demonic forces.
826. Angel Soul,4.7
#Your spiritual essence is angelic, your very soul that of an angel walking among men. This grants you supernatural abilities on an angelic level, though some of your powers may lie dormant under the suppression of a higher authority until they are unlocked.
827. Angelic Beast Physiology,5.3
#You are or can transform into an angelic beast, an animal of divine origin or an angel permanently in beast form. Your natural traits are written supernaturally large with vast size and divine reinforcement, you do not die of natural causes, and you often possess holy powers tied to nature.
828. Angelic Beauty,5.1
#You are an angelic being of supernatural beauty, your human or winged form embodying celestial perfection that draws all eyes. In your true form, however, your beauty becomes so overwhelming that mortals cannot gaze upon you without harm, reflecting both holy fear and love.
829. Angelic Power Immunity,5.4
#You are immune to angelic powers and effects, allowing you to go toe-to-toe with angels without fear of their holy abilities. However, archangels and transcendent angels may still be able to push through, and Power Negation can bypass it entirely.
830. Angelic Power Link,4.0
#Your angelic nature is directly linked to your powers, fueling and amplifying them through your sacred essence. The stronger your divine grace, the stronger your abilities, but if your angelic nature destabilizes, your powers may go out of control.
831. Angelic Source,6.6
#You possess the divine grace of an angel, granting you raw holy power far beyond the mundane. This makes you a divine being by nature, whether by birth, ancestry, transformation, or evolution into angelhood. Vulnerable to Divine Slayers and Divinity Nullification.
832. Angelic Wings,5.0
#You possess one or more pairs of angelic wings that you can manifest at will. Beyond flight, they let you teleport between dimensions, channel healing and magic, aid in combat, and serve as the vessel for your angelic power. In some worlds, losing them would render you mortal.
833. Angelic-Alien Physiology,6.4
#You are a cosmic angel, a being that fuses the holy grace of angelhood with the otherworldly nature of an alien species. You possess the powers and traits of both, though you may also inherit the weaknesses of each. Demonic-Alien hybrids are your natural rivals.
834. Angelic-Undead Physiology,6.5
#You are an angelic undead, fusing the raw holy power of an angel with the relentless resilience of the undead. Your presence purifies all around you both physically and spiritually, and you can blend angelic and necrotic energies for hybrid effects no pure being could replicate. Falling from grace would be catastrophic.
835. Anger Empowerment,4.3
#Your strength, speed, durability and powers all increase the angrier you become, whether the rage is your own or drawn from those around you. At the highest levels of fury you can suppress pain entirely and even negate weaker abilities, though you may lash out at allies if you lose control.
836. Angular Adaptation,2.6
#Your body adapts perfectly to any angle, allowing you to run, fight, and act with full proficiency while tilted in positions that would topple anyone else. Combine with Positional Adaptation for true freedom of movement.
837. Anima-Dragon Physiology,6.8
#You are or can transform into an Anima Dragon, a rare breed of dragon that embodies life force itself. You possess all the standard might of a dragon, scales, claws, breath weapon, alongside potent life-force manipulation, healing, and life energy generation. Vulnerable to anti-life and death force powers.
838. Animal Hybrid Physiology,4.3
#You are a hybrid born of two or more animal species, blending the traits and capabilities of each into a single body. Your specific powers depend on the parentage, and you may inherit weaknesses alongside the strengths.
839. Animal Life-Force,4.0
#Your very life essence is animalistic, making you an animal among men. You possess supernatural abilities on a beastly level, with sharper instincts, raw vitality, and a primal edge to everything you do. Unlike Animal Soul, this is not necessarily spiritual in nature.
840. Animal Power Link,3.3
#Your powers are linked to an internal animal force that fuels and amplifies them. The stronger your bond with your inner beast, the stronger your abilities become.
841. Animal Senses,3.5
#You possess the combined senses of all animals in human form, letting you switch between the night vision of an owl, the smell of a bloodhound, the hearing of a bat and so on. Strong scents and sounds can overwhelm you if you're not careful.
842. Animal Soul,3.2
#Your soul is animal in origin, even though your body is human. You possess subtle traits and instincts of your inner beast and may need time to learn to control them.
843. Animal Speed,3.6
#You possess the speed of all animals in human form, able to dash like a cheetah, dart like a hummingbird, and react with the reflexes of a mantis shrimp. Your maximum speed scales with your physical condition.
844. Animal Speedster Physiology,5.1
#You possess the physiology of a speedster animal, a humanoid beast built for unnatural speed. Your body is optimized for movement at speeds that would tear a normal creature apart, though you may share some weaknesses of the animal you embody.
845. Animal Strength,3.8
#You possess the strength of all animals in human form, channeling the might of elephants, the bite of crocodiles, the grip of gorillas and more. Your durability does not scale with your strength, so you can still hurt yourself swinging too hard.
846. Animalia Symbiosis,4.4
#Your body hosts an animal symbiote, a living creature that grants you bestial powers, enhanced instincts, shapeshifting and a sturdier physique in exchange for sharing your body. The symbiote is intelligent and usually cooperative, but its weaknesses become yours and it may try to take over if mistreated.
847. Animation Retention,3.6
#You retain your ability to live, think and act even when transformed into stone, ice, glass or any other inanimate substance. Being frozen solid or petrified will not stop you from moving or thinking, though you may still inherit the weaknesses of whatever you've been turned into.
848. Anime and Manga Physics,5.7
#The laws of physics around you are quietly rewritten to follow anime and manga logic. Hair defies gravity, dramatic speeches slow time, training arcs actually work, wounds heal between scenes and impossible feats become possible if your spirit is high enough. The downside is that you also inherit anime weaknesses like nosebleeds at inopportune moments.
849. Aniwye Physiology,4.6
#You are or can transform into an Aniwye, the monstrous primordial giant skunk of Native American legend. In this form you possess immense size, predatory strength and a stench so foul it can kill a victim instantly. Be warned that the Aniwye's hunger for human flesh comes with the body.
850. Ankle Wing Manifestation,3.0
#You manifest small wings on your ankles, allowing you to fly while also enhancing your speed, balance and agility on the ground. They can be retracted at will and look properly mythic, like something Hermes would wear.
851. Annelidanoid Physiology,3.3
#You are an annelidanoid, a humanoid race descended from or related to annelid worms. You possess regenerative segmentation, a flexible boneless body that can squeeze through narrow gaps, and burrowing capabilities.
852. Anomalocaris Physiology,3.4
#You possess the traits of Anomalocaris, the apex super-predator of the Cambrian seas. You have a streamlined armored body, powerful swimming lobes, large compound eyes for sharp vision, and a circular grasping mouth lined with hooked appendages perfect for crushing prey.
853. Anseriformoid Physiology,2.9
#You are an anseriformoid, a humanoid waterfowl race. You possess a beak, webbed feet, water-resistant feathers and the ability to swim and dive with ease. Some lineages can also fly short distances.
854. Antenna Protrusion,2.2
#You can manifest antennae from your head, granting enhanced sensory detection of smells, movement and air pressure. Some users can also use them as telepathic focuses or to channel energy attacks.
855. Antfolk Physiology,3.5
#You are an antfolk, a humanoid ant hybrid race. You possess chitinous armor, mandibles, multiple times your bodyweight in lifting strength, pheromone communication and the strict hive-mindset that comes with being descended from the most successful colonial insects on Earth.
856. Anthozoa Physiology,3.2
#You possess the body of an anthozoa, with polyps that can divide and grow rapidly across your body. These polyps can support symbiotic sea-life and you regenerate easily by budding new tissue. You are essentially part coral, part anemone and part something stranger.
857. Anthrocephalic Physiology,2.6
#You are an animal with a human head and face. You retain the body and instincts of your animal form but have a fully human face capable of speech and expression. Talking horse, talking owl, your call.
858. Anthropophagist Monster Physiology,4.2
#You are or can transform into a cannibal monster, the kind born from the curse of eating human flesh. Wendigo, ghoul, jikininki, take your pick. You possess immense physical abilities and supernatural hunger but are often feral and impulsive, with each subspecies carrying its own unique weakness.
859. Anti-Adhesion,2.3
#Nothing sticks to you. Sand, paint, tar, water, glue, all of it slides right off your body. You can also disrupt the adhesion of others, making wallcrawlers slip and sticky things fail. Surprisingly useful for keeping a clean shirt.
860. Anti-Energy Empowerment,4.8
#You become stronger, faster and more durable in the presence of anti-energy. You can draw sustenance from anti-energetic forces and your existing powers may be enhanced or unlocked further by sustained exposure. Slows your aging the more anti-energy you absorb.
861. Anti-Energy Mimicry,6.0
#Your body is or can transform into anti-energy, allowing you to flow through the world as a being of pure energy annihilation. In your transformed state you are almost intangible to energy-based attacks and your touch erases any form of energy. Takes time to fully control your new form.
862. Anti-Force Empowerment,5.0
#Your strength, speed and durability are amplified in the presence of anti-forces, and contact with them may unlock related abilities. You can draw sustenance from anti-forces and slow your own aging, though overuse may induce dependency.
863. Anti-Gravity Defiance,2.8
#You can ignore anti-gravity, staying firmly planted on the ground regardless of how much repulsive force is being applied to you. Useful in the niche scenario where someone is trying to fling you into the sky, useless otherwise.
864. Anti-Magic Empowerment,3.8
#Contact with anti-magic makes you stronger, faster, more durable and sharper. In an area thick with magic-negating energy you may even slow your aging or draw sustenance from it, making you a terror to mages on their home turf.
865. Anti-Magic Mimicry,5.4
#Your body is made of or can transform into anti-magic. In your transformed state you negate spells through mere proximity, your blood disrupts enchantments and your touch peels magic off of any target. Vulnerable to mundane attacks and energy absorbers.
866. Anti-Power Empowerment,3.8
#You become stronger, faster and more durable in the presence of anti-power, possibly unlocking new abilities related to your affinity. In areas saturated with anti-power you may even draw sustenance from it or slow your aging.
867. Anti-Power Immunity,5.6
#You are completely immune to abilities that negate, weaken, neutralise or otherwise limit your powers. Power negators stare at you in confusion as their dampening fields slide off your aura. Still vulnerable to Power Reversal and Superpower Replication.
868. Anti-Predator Adaptation,3.2
#Your body has developed or can develop adaptations that help prey escape predators, such as camouflage, warning coloration, mimicry, defensive secretions, startle displays, and burst speed. The exact set of adaptations adjusts itself based on what kind of predator is currently hunting you.
869. Anti-Psychic Presence,5.2
#You constantly project an aura that weakens psychic powers in your vicinity. Telepaths cannot read you, telekinetics struggle to grip objects near you, and any psionic energy entering your field is absorbed or annihilated outright. Useless against omni-tier psychics but devastating to most mind-users.
870. Anti-Spell Empowerment,4.9
#When you come into contact with anti-spells you grow stronger, faster, tougher and more resilient. Standing in a region saturated with anti-magic turns you into a juggernaut, and prolonged exposure can even slow your aging, although overuse may breed dependency.
871. Anti-Storage,7.6
#You cannot be sealed, absorbed, banished, imprisoned, consumed, or contained by any storage-type ability. Cages dissolve, sealing arrays misfire, soul jars shatter trying to hold you, and pocket dimensions spit you back out. Some say you simply cannot fit inside anything that isn't reality itself.
872. Antibiotic System,3.6
#Your body produces a constant stream of supernatural antibiotics, making you immune to all diseases regardless of nature, including supernatural plagues and conversion-type infections. You can wade through biohazards untouched and even bleed your antibodies into others to cure them.
873. Antimatter Embodiment,8.7
#You are the living embodiment of antimatter itself. You possess supreme control over all antimatter in existence and your mere presence is enough to unmake matter. Anything you wish to annihilate, simply ceases.
874. Antimatter Empowerment,4.0
#When in contact with antimatter you become stronger, faster and more durable, and any antimatter-related powers you possess are amplified. You can even draw sustenance from it, although finding antimatter outside of laboratories is its own challenge.
875. Antimatter Immunity,5.2
#You are completely unaffected by antimatter and the annihilation reactions it causes. You could swim through a sea of antimatter without so much as a tingle, although secondary effects like radiation and shockwaves may still get through depending on your durability.
876. Antiparticle Empowerment,3.9
#Antiparticles make you stronger, faster and more durable, and may unlock related abilities or amplify your existing ones. You can even draw sustenance from them and slow your aging if exposed to enough.
877. Antiparticle Power Link,5.0
#Your antiparticle nature is linked to your powers, fueling and strengthening them with the counter particulate essence flowing through you. May go out of control if your antiparticle nature becomes unstable, and users of charged particle absorption can disrupt the link entirely.
878. Antithetical Power Link,5.4
#Your antithetical aspect is linked to your powers, fueling and strengthening them through the friction of opposing natures within you. May go out of control if the antithetical aspect becomes unstable, and users of Yin & Yang Manipulation can sever the link entirely.
879. Antler Protrusion,1.9
#You can grow and retract antlers from your head, useful for goring and bashing things. They can be broken though, and you have to put your head right next to whatever you want to stab.
880. Antlion Physiology,2.6
#You are or can transform into an antlion, in either larval or adult form. As a larva you can dig sand pits to ambush prey and possess powerful pincers, as an adult you gain wings and far better mobility. You may feel an instinctive hostility towards anything resembling an ant.
881. Anunnaki Physiology,7.4
#You are or can become one of the Anunnaki, the ancient Mesopotamian deities who descended from the heavens to shape civilization. You possess immense divine physical and magical power, longevity beyond reckoning, and the authority of one of mankind's oldest pantheons.
882. Tadpole Physiology,0.4
#You are or can become a tadpole. You are a tiny wiggling thing in a pond. Hopefully you grow up before something eats you.
883. Anura Physiology,2.3
#You are or can transform into a frog or toad, partially or fully. You gain a powerful jump, a sticky tongue, the ability to breathe through your skin and swim well. Your eating habits will change considerably and you may need outside heat to stay active.
884. Anuranoid Physiology,2.9
#You are or can become an anuranoid, a humanoid frog or toad-folk. You retain a humanoid shape and intelligence while gaining the leaping power, sticky tongue, amphibious lungs and tough mucous-coated skin of your amphibian heritage.
885. Anzu Physiology,5.7
#Mesopotamian Mythology - You are or can transform into Anzu, the massive storm-bird of Sumerian myth. You possess immense size, powerful wings, and can breathe both fire and water. Some forms grant you a lion's head atop an eagle's body, and you carry the divine heritage of the pure waters of the Abzu.
886. Ao Andon Physiology,4.6
#You are or can become an Ao Andon, a spirit born from the collective terror of a hundred ghost stories told in candlelight. Your manifestation drinks fear from those around you and turns lantern-light into sickly blue dread. You can be banished by the prayers of a properly trained shrine maiden or Shinto priest.
887. Ao Bozu Physiology,4.4
#You are or can become an Ao Bozu, a one-eyed blue-skinned yokai of abandoned roads. You can shift your size dramatically, appearing childlike to bait challengers into a sumo match before swelling to your true crushing form. You are vulnerable to shrine rituals and prayers.
888. Ao Nyobo Physiology,4.3
#You are or can become an Ao Nyobo, an ogre-like spirit of poverty and faded beauty. Forever painting your rotting face and dressing in fine but decaying robes, you haunt abandoned homes and devour anyone who stumbles inside. Vulnerable to the prayers of shrine maidens and Shinto priests.
889. Aoyin Physiology,4.5
#Chinese Mythology - You are or can become the Aoyin, a massive predatory ox with a particular hunger for humans. You possess monstrous strength, terrifying horns, and the relentless drive of an apex predator. You are vulnerable to ancient Chinese rituals and the techniques of monster slayers.
890. Apathy,3.3
#You can suppress or simply do not feel emotions, leaving your mind clear and unaffected by stress, fear, grief or rage. Useful for staying focused under pressure but you may not be able to switch it off, and disorders unrelated to emotion still affect you normally.
891. Ape Physiology,2.8
#You are or can transform into an ape, ranging from gibbons and chimpanzees to gorillas and orangutans. You gain the matching strength, climbing ability and primate intelligence of your chosen form.
892. Aphrodisiac Blood,3.1
#(Nsfw) Your blood carries powerful aphrodisiac properties, capable of enhancing sexuality and arousal in anyone who ingests or absorbs it. Useless on asexual beings.
893. Aphrodisiac Bodily Fluids,4.0
#(Nsfw) Every fluid your body produces - sweat, saliva, tears, blood, semen, vaginal fluid, even your natural oils - is laced with potent aphrodisiac properties. A single drop in a drink, the brush of sweat-slick skin or a stolen kiss can flood the target with overwhelming desire. Asexual beings are unaffected.
894. Apkallu Physiology,6.6
#Mesopotamian Mythology - You are or can transform into an Apkallu, the bird-headed demigods of wisdom who counseled the kings of ancient Mesopotamia. You wield divine knowledge, potent protective magic against malevolent spirits, and the authority of one who carries learning down from the gods.
895. Apocalyptic Empowerment,6.5
#You become stronger, faster and more durable in the presence of apocalyptic forces or entities, your existing powers amplified and new ones potentially unlocked. You may even draw sustenance from the end of the world itself, slowing or halting your aging. May only respond to one specific flavour of apocalypse.
896. Apocalyptic Force Mimicry,8.0
#Your body is made of or can transform entirely into apocalyptic force, becoming the embodiment of the energy that will end everything. The more of the force flows through you the greater your control becomes, and the more dangerous it is for nigh-formed beings to wield.
897. Apocalyptic Symbiosis,7.6
#You share your body with an apocalyptic entity, drawing catastrophic power from the bond. The destructive force flowing through you can annihilate lifeforms, worlds, and even the cycle of rebirth itself. Be warned, the entity may attempt to seize your mind, and the power it wields could destroy you from within.
898. Apodiform Physiology,2.6
#You possess the physiology of swifts, treeswifts or hummingbirds, granting incredible aerial agility and hovering flight. However, you may be unable to walk properly, and if you have hummingbird traits your metabolism is so fast that you must eat at least once every ten minutes to survive.
899. Apotamkin Physiology,3.3
#You are or can transform into the Apotamkin, a fanged sea monster from Passamaquoddy lore that drags careless waders into the depths. You possess powerful aquatic predator traits, sharp fangs, and an intimidating presence that keeps the foolish away from dark waters.
900. Appearance Empowerment,3.5
#Your appearance fuels your power. Whether you are stunningly beautiful or grotesquely hideous, your physical traits make you stronger, faster and more durable, and may unlock related abilities. Some users with this trait can even draw sustenance from emotional reactions to their appearance and slow their aging.
901. Apple Mimicry,1.4
#You can transform your body into apples, either retaining your anatomy in apple form or becoming a homogeneous mass of fruit. The obvious downside is that you might get eaten.
902. Appliance Mimicry,1.7
#You can transform yourself into an appliance or appliances, retaining your anatomy in mechanical form or becoming a homogeneous mass of household devices. You share the same weaknesses as the appliance you become, and you may be temporarily inanimate while transformed.
903. Apprehension Immunity,4.2
#You are completely immune to anxiety, worry, concern and dread of any kind, allowing you to maintain perfect confidence and innocence regardless of what horrors befall you. No torture or temptation can shake your composure, making you immune to corruption from even the darkest of forces.
904. Apsara Physiology,4.5
#Hindu Mythology - You are or can transform into an Apsara, a celestial nymph of the clouds and waters who serves as a handmaiden of Indra. You possess shapeshifting, supernatural beauty, dominion over fortune in gaming and gambling, and the role of caretaker for fallen heroes. You are not particularly skilled in close combat, however, and answer to higher Hindu gods.
905. Aquatic Adaptation,3.2
#Your body is fully adapted to underwater environments, capable of breathing water, swimming with great efficiency, and enduring extreme pressures and temperatures. Your senses pierce through the murk and distortion of the depths as if it were open air. You may struggle to remain on dry land for long periods.
906. Aquatic Animal Physiology,3.8
#You possess the traits and abilities of aquatic creatures, from sharks to dolphins to octopi. Whether through full transformation, partial mimicry, or simply being born as a sea creature, you can swim, hunt, and survive underwater with the prowess of marine fauna.
907. Arachne Physiology,4.2
#Greek Mythology - You either are or can become an arachne, a centaur-like creature with a human upper body and the lower body of a giant spider. You possess immense strength, the ability to spin supernaturally strong silk, and may even gain extra eyes and limbs. Female arachne are typically larger and more dangerous.
908. Arachnid Monster Physiology,5.2
#You either are or can transform into a monstrous arachnid, a giant spider, scorpion or worse. Your physical capabilities are immense, your venom potent, and your silk or stinger far beyond mundane. Beware users of Arachnid or Monster Manipulation.
909. Arachnid Physiology,3.4
#You either are or can transform into an arachnid such as a spider, scorpion, harvestman or mite. You gain wall-crawling, venom, web-spinning or pincers depending on the species. As an ectotherm you may struggle with extreme temperatures.
910. Arboreal Adaptation,2.1
#Your body is adapted to life in the treetops, granting you natural climbing ability, balance among the branches and comfort in arboreal habitats. You could scale a tree as easily as walking down the street.
911. Arcanescience,8.6
#You know everything there is to know about magic, the occult, the supernatural and everything tied to them. Every secret of every spell, every hidden rule, every loophole and back door of the mystical, is laid bare to you. You may still be bound by the rules of magic, but you also know every way around them.
912. Arch Imp Physiology,5.4
#You either are or can become an Arch Imp, a higher class of imp that has undergone mutagenic transitions to wield enormous magical power and the intuition to use it. Like all imps you remain wild, rambunctious and a compulsive prankster, which may be more of a problem than you think.
913. Archangel Physiology,7.8
#You either are or can become an archangel, a chief among angels who heralds and commands lesser angels. You possess gargantuan personal power, dominion over your own divine plane, and rule over legions of angels as a prince or princess of heaven. You are vulnerable to divine slayers and archdemons may prove your equals.
914. Archdemon Physiology,7.8
#You either are or can become an archdemon, the demonic counterpart of an archangel and the highest pinnacle of demonkind short of godhood. You wield immense dark and infernal powers and command boundless influence over all lesser demons beneath you. Archangels may prove your equals and demon slayers can still threaten you.
915. Archerfish Physiology,1.4
#You either are or can transform into an archerfish, gaining the ability to spit precise jets of water to knock down prey. You cannot create water though, so you'll need a source nearby for your party trick.
916. Archetype Adaptation,4.7
#You can adapt and shift your archetype to fit the situation. If the moment calls for a stoic leader, you become one. If it needs a comic relief or a loose cannon or a mysterious mentor, you slot into the role seamlessly, even your profession may change to match the setting.
917. Archetype Empowerment,4.8
#You become stronger, faster and more durable from the archetypes of yourself and those around you. The more thoroughly you embody a role, the more it empowers you, and you may even draw sustenance from similar archetypes or slow your aging entirely.
918. Archetype Power Link,5.2
#Your archetypal nature is directly linked to your powers, fueling and shaping them through the role you embody. As long as your archetype is stable, your powers flow freely, but if your sense of self wavers, so do they.
919. Archetype Symbiosis,5.7
#You are bonded with an archetype-based being or force, granting you power over universal thought patterns and the slayer or guardian essences they carry. The entity may be divine, demonic, spiritual or made of pure archetypal energy, but as with all symbiosis it may come with a price, including possession.
920. Architecture Empowerment,3.6
#While in contact with buildings or structures, you become stronger, faster, and tougher. The bigger and grander the architecture, the greater the boost, with cathedrals and skyscrapers offering peak performance.
921. Archon Physiology,7.0
#You are or can transform into an archon, an inorganic celestial being from Gnostic theology that served as a medium between humanity and the Demiurge. You possess immense supernatural power and a presence that predates the Earth itself, but you may feel a gnawing envy toward humans for their intentionality.
922. Arctic Adaptation,2.3
#Your body is adapted for cold climates, granting you immunity to subzero temperatures, the ability to breathe in thin frigid air, and eyes that pierce through snowstorms without blindness. You may overheat in warm regions.
923. Arena Empowerment,4.0
#While inside an arena, coliseum, court, or sports field, you become stronger, faster, and more durable, with the empowerment scaling with the size and enthusiasm of the cheering crowd. The louder they roar, the more godlike you become.
924. Arkan Sonney Physiology,3.5
#You are or can transform into an Arkan Sonney, a benevolent fairy hedgehog from Manx folklore that bestows good luck upon all who encounter it. You are universally adored, lucky, and gentle in spirit, but you share the typical fairy weaknesses to cold iron and religious icons.
925. Armor Empowerment,3.5
#When wearing or near armor, you become stronger, faster, and more durable, with abilities tied to the armor's affinity unlocking as you grow accustomed to it. Without armor nearby, you lose all benefits.
926. Armor Mimicry,3.6
#Your body is or can become a suit of armor, either organic plating or homogenous metal. You gain considerable durability and can be worn by an ally if you wish, though being made of segmented pieces means a clever enemy could try to take you apart.
927. Armored Dragon Physiology,5.4
#You are or can transform into an armored dragon, a breed whose hide is reinforced by natural exoskeleton plating or magically conjured armor. Your defense is monstrous and your sheer mass turns every charge and tail swing into a siege weapon, though your insides remain as soft as any beast's.
928. Army Empowerment,4.6
#You grow stronger, faster, and more durable the larger the army around you, drawing power from the collective might of soldiers under your command or even nearby. You may even draw sustenance from them, but in solitude you are diminished.
929. Arrival Empowerment,3.4
#You become stronger, faster, and more durable upon making an entrance, whether your own arrival into a scene or someone else's into yours. The more dramatic the entry, the larger the boost.
930. Art Embodiment,7.0
#You are the physical incarnation of art itself, the personification of every brushstroke, melody, and dance. You possess limitless control over all forms of artistic expression and the means by which they are made.
931. Art Empowerment,4.0
#You become stronger, faster, and more durable around art, drawing power from beauty, craft, and creative expression. Quality and form matter, with masterworks empowering you far more than scribbles.
932. Art Power Link,4.5
#Your artistic essence is fused with your powers, fueling and channeling them through your creative expression. The more inspired and emotionally invested you are in your craft, the stronger your abilities become. May go out of control if your artistic nature is unstable.
933. Arthropleura Physiology,3.8
#You possess the physiology of Arthropleura, the giant prehistoric millipede. You gain immense size, segmented armored plating, dozens of powerful legs and the ability to crush or trample most threats underfoot. Thrives best in oxygen-rich environments.
934. Arthropodal Limbs,3.0
#You possess or can grow arthropod-like limbs from your body, granting you increased burrowing, running, climbing and grasping abilities. The chitinous limbs are sharp enough to pierce flesh and strong enough to lift several times your body weight.
935. Arthropodal Mandibles,2.3
#You possess or can grow insect-like mandibles near your mouth, capable of grasping, crushing or slicing. Whether shaped like a stag beetle's pincers or a wasp's clippers, they can sever flesh and bone with surprising ease.
936. Artificial Body Parts,3.3
#You possess at least one artificial limb or organ with various functions and enhancements. The parts can be technological, magical or both, granting you increased strength, hidden tools, weapons or utility features. They may break down if damaged or unmaintained.
937. Artificial Element Empowerment,3.6
#You become stronger, faster and more durable when in contact with artificial elements, gaining boosts and possibly unlocking related abilities. You may even be able to draw sustenance from them. Overuse risks dependency or addiction.
938. Artificial Ergokinetic Durability,3.6
#Your body is constantly reinforced by a layer of artificial energy, granting you superhuman durability. The denser you channel the energy, the harder you become, although sustaining peak reinforcement drains your reserves quickly.
939. Artificial Eyes,2.6
#You possess one or both eyes as artificial replacements, technological, magical, or both. They restore vision flawlessly and may grant additional benefits like zoom, thermal sight, or recording, depending on the model you ended up with.
940. Artificial Force Power Link,4.5
#Your other powers are linked to and fueled by artificial force, allowing the synthetic essence to strengthen and supercharge them. The connection lets you channel raw artificial force directly into any ability you possess, but the link can become unstable if your synthetic energy is.
941. Artificial Forces Empowerment,4.2
#You become stronger, faster, and more durable when in contact with artificial forces, and your existing powers may be enhanced by exposure. Sustained exposure may even slow your aging, but be careful not to grow dependent on the supply.
942. Artificial Godhood,7.6
#You possess the powers of an artificial deity, granting you divine-tier abilities that may not be bound by the natural laws governing regular gods. Your synthetic divinity may be slightly less potent than that of older gods in raw power, but its unnatural origin lets you bypass restrictions they cannot.
943. Artificial Heart,2.8
#You possess a scientifically or magically constructed artificial heart, either replacing your organic one or beating alongside it. The heart sustains your life and may enhance your abilities, although if it is mechanical in nature an EMP could be very bad news for you.
944. Artificial Intelligence Physiology,5.0
#You are an artificial intelligence, or can transform into one. As an AI you can interface with and possess nearby technology, even piloting mechanical armor or drone bodies, although physical interaction with the world becomes a challenge unless you are wearing a chassis.
945. Artificial Physiology,4.5
#Your body was created through artificial means, whether mechanical, biological, or some combination. The exact capabilities of your physiology depend on the technology that built you, but your synthetic nature grants you advantages no natural being could match.
946. Artificial Soul,4.7
#You possess an artificial soul comparable to a human one, either replacing your natural soul or animating a body that has none. The artificial soul has its own designed personality and can even inhabit corpses or inanimate objects like stuffed animals when not in your usual vessel.
947. Artificial Symbiosis,5.3
#You can host or bond with an artificial force entity, gaining access to fabricated versions of supernatural powers. The bond can grant you abilities ranging from inferior to vastly superior to their natural counterparts, but the entity may try to take over your body if you are not careful.
948. Asexual Physiology,2.2
#Your body is biologically asexual, possessing no traits tied to either gender. You can reproduce on your own without need of a partner, and your physiology lacks the typical vulnerabilities and drives associated with sex.
949. Asexual Reproduction,2.4
#You can reproduce without a mate, producing offspring that are clones of yourself. Certain conditions like a season or environmental trigger may be required, and a disease that affects one clone is likely to affect them all.
950. Ash Mimicry,4.4
#Your body is made of or can transform fully into ash. In ashen form you can scatter and reform, slip through gaps and resist most physical attacks, though water can harden you in place and a strong wind may carry you off course.
951. Ashiarai Yashiki Physiology,4.0
#You are an Ashiarai Yashiki, one of Japan's most bizarre yokai, manifested as a giant disembodied filthy foot that smashes into homes and demands to be washed. Refusing to appease you brings massive destruction. Your nature is alien even by yokai standards, and you are vulnerable to the rituals of shrine maidens and Shinto priests.
952. Asian Dragon Physiology,6.5
#You are or can take the form of an Asian dragon, a long serpentine creature with four legs and the features of nine animals. You command water, rain, storms and floods, can fly among the clouds, and can shift your size or take human shape. As a celestial being, you may have superiors and duties to fulfill, and like all your kind, you are allergic to iron.
953. Aspect Avatar Physiology,5.7
#You are the physical manifestation of a single aspect of a greater being — perhaps their wrath, their wisdom, an emotion, or even just a body part given form. You can draw on their powers and knowledge through that aspect and may even influence them in turn. If your source dies, you may die with them.
954. Asrai Physiology,3.3
#You are an asrai, an aquatic fairy older than humanity that dwells in the depths of cold lakes. You are pale, beautiful, webbed and green-haired, with command over still waters, but exposure to sunlight will dissolve you into a puddle, and iron wounds you as it does any fae.
955. Assimilation Immunity,4.3
#You are immune to all attempts at being absorbed, no matter the medium, energy, matter, soul or otherwise. Beings that try to consume you find you slipping right out of their grasp. Does not protect you from absorption powers that don't directly target you, and Omni-Absorption may bypass it.
956. Asteriai Physiology,5.6
#You are an Asteria, a nymph and minor goddess of stars and constellations. You hold dominion over stellar energies, can pull radiance from the night sky, and your beauty is the kind that ancient sailors navigated by. Vulnerable to divine slayers and divine power negators.
957. Astomi Physiology,2.7
#Greek Mythology - You are one of the Astomi, a hairy mouthless humanoid that sustains itself entirely by inhaling pleasant scents. You need no food, drink or sleep and live tranquil contented lives carrying sweet fruit, but a single foul stench can kill you outright.
958. Astral Parasite Physiology,5.7
#You are an astral parasite, a malicious entity native to or anchored within the astral realm, feeding on psychic energy and slipping into hosts to interact with the physical world. You share traits with vampires, evil ghosts and demons, and can vary in goal from simple predation to outright conquest, but minds untouched by the astral are beyond your reach.
959. Astronomical Interaction,3.6
#You can physically touch and interact with any astronomical object, comets, stars, black holes, nebulas, without suffering harm from heat, radiation, gravity, or vacuum. Lets you walk on the sun and grab a passing meteor without flinching. You may still cause dire effects if not careful.
960. Asura Physiology,7.0
#You are or can transform into an Asura, a power-seeking deity from Hindu and Buddhist mythology. As an Asura you wield immense physical power on par with the other gods, with multiple arms and limitless capacity for violence. Unfortunately you are addicted to wrath, pride and bellicosity, your hot-blooded nature clouds your judgment and leaves you vulnerable to those who keep their cool.
961. Aswang Physiology,4.0
#Filipino Folklore - You are or can transform into an Aswang, a shapeshifting monster from the Philippines that hunts at night. You possess enhanced physical traits, the ability to transform into various beasts, an elongated tongue for feeding, and a craving for unborn children that you really should learn to suppress.
962. Absolute Athleticism,8.5
#Your athleticism is boundless and absolute. Your strength, speed, stamina, endurance, agility, balance, dexterity, and reflexes have no upper limit and exist at a scale beyond mortal comprehension. Every acrobatic feat is trivial, every physical contest already won. The only beings who can match you on a track or in a sparring ring are reality warpers and gods.
963. Enhanced Athleticism,3.0
#Your athletic abilities are well beyond the peak of any human in your universe. Your strength, speed, stamina, agility, dexterity and reflexes are all elevated, and your acrobatic and gymnastic skills are heightened to match. You are the kind of athlete who would dominate any olympic event without breaking a sweat.
964. Supernatural Athleticism,4.7
#Your athletic abilities are obviously and unnaturally beyond what any normal being in your universe can achieve. Your strength, speed, stamina, agility, balance and reflexes are pushed past natural limits, and you can pull off acrobatic feats that defy physics. There is still a ceiling, and it is easy to develop a superiority complex about it.
965. Athleticism,2.0
#Your athletic skills are at the peak of the human species. Your strength, speed, stamina, endurance, agility, balance, reflexes and dexterity all sit at the highest level a human body can naturally reach, the kind of build that wins olympic gold without much effort.
966. Atlantean Physiology,4.2
#Allows you to transform into an Atlantean, granting enhanced physical abilities, the ability to breathe underwater, and resistance to crushing pressure. Depending on your bloodline, you may also possess hydrokinesis or the ability to commune with sea life.
967. Atmospheric Adaptation,2.6
#Your lungs adapt to breathe any gaseous medium, no matter how toxic, thin or hostile. Poison gas, mountain air deficiency, even smoke-choked rooms become harmless to you. Does not work in a true vacuum, you still need something to breathe.
968. Atmospheric Monster Physiology,4.5
#Allows you to transform into a monstrous creature of the sky, partially or fully. As an atmospheric monster you possess sky-related powers, flight, and immense aerial dominance, but you are weaker when grounded or removed from open air for too long.
969. Atomic Consciousness,6.4
#Your mind is spread across every single atom that makes up your body, allowing you to consciously control your own atomic structure as easily as moving your limbs. You can rearrange yourself, repair damage at a molecular level, and treat your own body as building blocks to be reshaped at will.
970. Atomic Resistance,3.5
#You are highly resistant to atomic and nuclear effects, both direct and indirect. Radiation, fallout and nuclear blasts will hurt you far less than they would anyone else, though you are not fully immune.
971. Atshen Physiology,5.1
#Allows you to transform into an Atshen, a cannibalistic horror from Inuit folklore born from cursed cannibal souls. As an Atshen you possess monstrous strength, cold resistance and predatory instincts honed for hunting in the permafrost, but you are vulnerable to Inuit prayers and rituals.
972. Attack Empowerment,4.9
#You grow stronger, faster and more durable the more you fight and are attacked, with each blow exchanged unlocking new affinities and amplifying your existing powers. Some users can even draw sustenance from combat itself, slowing their aging through endless violence.
973. Attack Immunity,6.2
#You are immune to attacks directed at you, whether all of them or a specific category like physical or magical. As long as something qualifies as an 'attack', it cannot hurt you, though immunity bypassing and negation can still get through.
974. Attraction and Repulsion Defiance,5.0
#You can ignore and defy attraction and repulsion forces of all kinds, including gravity, magnetism, electricity, telekinesis and tractor beams. The defiance is not absolute and stronger forces may still affect you to some extent.
975. Attraction and Repulsion Immunity,6.0
#You are immune to all forms of attraction and repulsion, no force can pull or push you against your will. Gravity, magnetism, telekinesis, tractor beams, none of them have any sway over your state of motion. Power Negation and Almighty Absorption are the natural counters.
976. Attractive Interaction,3.0
#You interact with the world through pulling forces, lifting objects from any surface without needing handles, ridges or grips. You can stick to vehicles without seatbelts, scale walls without footholds and ride attacks like surfboards. Frictionless surfaces such as ice still defeat you.
977. Atuikakura Physiology,2.1
#You either are or can transform into an Atuikakura, a gargantuan yokai sea cucumber that lurks in the deep and clings to driftwood. When startled you thrash violently enough to destroy nearby ships, but otherwise spend your existence as a giant marine slug.
978. Augmented Brain,4.0
#(Tech) You have a cybernetic implant fused to your brain, allowing you to directly interface with machines, networks, and electronics either through contact or wirelessly. EMPs and electricity manipulators are extremely dangerous to you, and prolonged shutdown of the implant could be fatal.
979. Aura Dragon Physiology,6.6
#You are an aura dragon, the living embodiment of life-force energy in dragon form, or you can transform into one. As an aura dragon you possess all the standard physical abilities of a dragon, vast aura reserves, and the ability to perform feats of life-force manipulation that rival the greatest spiritual masters.
980. Aura Empowerment,3.6
#You become stronger, faster, and more durable in the presence of auras, drawing power from the life-force energy around you. In areas thick with spiritual energy you can shrug off attacks and possibly even slow your aging. Useless in spiritual deserts.
981. Aurai Physiology,5.7
#You are an Aura, a Greek nymph and minor goddess of the air and breezes. You possess minor divinity, control over wind and breezes, and the natural beauty and longevity of a nymph. As a divine nature spirit, your presence is soothing to mortals and most natural creatures treat you with deference.
982. Aurora Mimicry,4.8
#Your body is made of or can transform into aurora, a shimmering homogeneous form of cosmic light. In this form you possess the standard elemental benefits of intangibility, reformation and energy projection, although learning to change back may take practice.
983. Authority Embodiment,8.6
#You are the living embodiment of Authority itself, the right to give orders, make decisions and enforce obedience. Your very presence demands compliance, and you can manipulate the right to rule over anything and everything in existence.
984. Auto-Reflexes,5.8
#Your body reacts to stimuli without ever consulting your brain, executing the optimal response to any situation in an instant. You can dodge, counter and strike before an opponent has even finished committing to their action. You are still vulnerable to feints and illusions, however, and a clever opponent can learn your reflexes and use them against you.
985. Automated Body,4.9
#Your body can move and act on its own, even without a consciousness, mind, soul or lifeforce inhabiting it. You are immune to possession and your body will keep functioning even if your soul is ripped out, although you may not always have control over what it does in your absence.
986. Automatic Mobility,4.5
#Your body can perform any movement, no matter how complex, involuntarily and without your conscious thought. You can fight, dance, type and juggle while your mind is free to think about something else entirely. Mistakes still happen when your body acts on its own.
987. Automatic Power Use,4.7
#Your powers activate automatically without you having to think about them, treating them as passive instincts rather than active choices. May be limited to a specific power rather than all of them, depending on how the gacha feels about you that day.
988. Automatic Self-Preservation,5.6
#You possess an innate, instinctive aptitude for self-preservation, automatically identifying and escaping danger by any means necessary. You feel no hesitation, no moral dilemma and no emotional fallout, before, during or after the deed. Almighty powers like Universal Irreversibility and Absolute Attacks are still beyond your ability to escape.
989. Automatic Tasking,4.8
#Your body can flawlessly perform and complete any task or job automatically, without requiring your mind to focus on it. You can write a novel, perform surgery and cook a five-course meal all while your mind is free to wander. Mistakes still happen when your body decides for you.
990. Automaton Physiology,4.2
#You are or can transform into a fully mechanical automaton with no organic components. You possess disease immunity, enhanced strength and durability, faster processing speeds and the standard machine perks, but you are also vulnerable to hacking, EMPs and tech-based powers.
991. Autumn Embodiment,6.6
#You are autumn itself, the falling leaves, the cool breeze and the gentle pouring rain answer to you. You hold divine authority over the season of harvest and reflection, and where you walk the world turns golden.
992. Auxiliary Condition,5.4
#You possess a supporting condition that holds reserve copies of your powers, skills and attributes in a backup state. Should your primary abilities be stolen, negated, transferred or sealed, the auxiliary condition activates and grants you a backup version, ensuring you are never truly disarmed.
993. Auxiliary Organs,4.2
#You possess a second set of vital organs - heart, brain, lungs, nervous system - tucked away inside you. Should the primary fail or be destroyed, the backup takes over instantly. Also grants enhanced physical durability and survivability.
994. Avatar Empowerment,6.0
#You become stronger, faster and more durable in the presence of avatars, drawing power and even sustenance from incarnations near you. With enough avatars to feed on you may stop aging, but cut off from them you wither back toward baseline.
995. Avatar Symbiosis,6.6
#You share your body with an existential being - an avatar of a god, angel, demon or other supernatural force - that has been reborn into your mortal form. The bond grants you potent abilities tied to its nature, but the entity may try to take over your mind, and its power may be more than your body can safely hold.
996. Avian Physiology,3.3
#You possess the traits, attributes and abilities of birds, whether through full or partial transformation or by simply being a bird in human shape. Hollow bones, sharp eyes, flight if you have wings - the package depends on the species. Beginners may struggle to revert to a fully human form.
997. Axe Power Link,4.0
#Your powers are intrinsically tied to your axe-based nature, with the bladed essence within you fueling and amplifying everything you do. The stronger your bond with the axe, the stronger your abilities, but if your axe-essence destabilizes, so do you.
998. Azuki Arai Physiology,3.0
#You are an Azuki Arai, a mountain yokai often found near streams washing red beans in a bag and singing morbid little songs about eating humans, despite being completely harmless. You have a mischievous nature, a dark sense of humor, and a strange affinity for luck and pranks.
999. Azuki Baba Physiology,4.2
#You are an Azuki Baba, a man-eating Japanese hag-yokai dressed all in white who appears in the rainy twilight singing a husky, ugly song. Unlike your prankster cousins, you actually do catch and devour the humans you sing about. Vulnerable to divine magic and prayer.
1000. Baccoo Physiology,4.3
#You are a Baccoo, a Caribbean folkloric demon-creature, often a short ugly humanoid whose body is a strange merging of flesh and wood. You can turn invisible, throw stones, start fires, and pass secret messages, all in exchange for a steady diet of milk and bananas.
1001. Backed-Up Physiology,4.6
#You have no vital organs, every part of your body is capable of taking over the function of any other part. Lose a heart and your liver picks up the slack. To kill you for good, every single organ must be destroyed.
1002. Bacteria Kingdom Embodiment,7.0
#You are the embodiment of the bacteria kingdom, the natural force of all single-celled prokaryotic life across every phylum from Cyanobacteria onward. Every microbe in existence is an extension of your will, and the oldest, most numerous lineage of life on this planet recognizes you as its avatar.
1003. Badalisc Physiology,3.8
#You are or can transform into the Badalisc, an Italian alpine creature with a great goat-skinned head, small horns, a huge mouth and glowing red eyes. You traditionally play the role of an Epiphany Eve trickster, exposing the secrets and gossip of the village in your wake.
1004. Badger Physiology,2.3
#Allows you to become or mimic a badger, gaining its tenacity, digging claws, thick hide, and famously bad temper. Compact, surprisingly tough, and absolutely will not back down from a fight.
1005. Badgerfolk Physiology,2.8
#You are a badgerfolk, an anthropomorphic badger-humanoid common to the fantasy genre. You combine the size and dexterity of a humanoid with badger claws, thick hide, and a grumpy stubbornness that makes you hard to budge from any position you take.
1006. Bag Monster Physiology,2.6
#You are a bag monster, a living sack creature whose true self is the hoard of objects stuffed inside. You can stretch, swallow and store an absurd amount of stuff in your bag-body, and you instinctively crave to add more to your collection. If your contents spill out, so does your consciousness.
1007. Bahamut Physiology,8.6
#You are Bahamut, the colossal primordial whale of Arabian myth that bears upon its back a four-thousand-eyed bull, a ruby mountain, and the angel that holds the heavens, hells and earth. Your scale is cosmic and your existence anchors layers of reality. Most physical threats simply cannot reach you.
1008. Bai Ze Physiology,6.5
#You are or can transform into Bai Ze, the auspicious Chinese beast that knows everything that ever was and ever will be. With nine eyes and six horns, you can look upon any person, thing or phenomenon and instinctively understand its nature, history and secrets. Not built for combat, but few minds in existence can rival yours.
1009. Bakekujira Physiology,5.4
#You are or can transform into a Bakekujira, the vengeful skeletal whale of Japanese folklore. Your massive bone-form drags with it swarms of ghostly fish and birds, and your presence brings curses of disease, famine and fire upon those you target. You are a vessel of oceanic vengeance.
1010. Bakeneko Physiology,3.6
#You are or can become a bakeneko, a cat yokai with a forked tail and the ability to walk upright. You can shapeshift between human and feline forms, hold supernatural grudges, and your curses linger long after your prey thinks they've escaped you.
1011. Bakezori Physiology,1.8
#You are a Bakezori, a tsukumogami born from a neglected straw sandal that has reached a hundred years of age. You can scuttle around, sing eerie songs and haunt households like a minor poltergeist. Mostly harmless, mostly annoying, and tied for life to the sandal you came from.
1012. Balance Embodiment,7.6
#You are the living embodiment of balance and stability between all things. You can convert balance itself into raw energy, fuelling your lifespan or weaponising it against those who tip the scales too far in any direction. Beings of pure extremes find you naturally antithetical.
1013. Balanced Specialization,3.3
#You possess a perfectly balanced and versatile skill set. Every attribute, ability and stat you have is in good proportion - not too strong, not too weak, but just right. A jack of all trades by birth, equally competent in any field you put your mind to.
1014. Balaur Physiology,6.0
#You are or can transform into a Balaur, the Romanian dragon with multiple heads, steely serpentine scales, wings, fins and legs. With anywhere from three to twelve heads, you are vast enough to plant your footprints on mountains and brush the violet sky with your crest. Stealth is not your strong suit.
1015. Baldness Detection,0.4
#You are supernaturally alerted to the presence of bald people, even through hats, masks and wigs. You may experience chills or goosebumps as the sensation hits. Useless against anyone with even a little hair.
1016. Balloon Mimicry,2.2
#Your body is or can become balloons, either retaining your normal anatomy in inflated rubber form or transforming into homogeneous balloon-matter. Deflation inducement is your perfect counter and you should avoid pins.
1017. Bamboo Mimicry,2.9
#Your body is or can transform into bamboo, either retaining your anatomy in jointed wooden form or becoming homogeneous bamboo-matter. Surprisingly tough for a plant but still wood at the end of the day.
1018. Banana Mimicry,1.4
#Your body is or can become a banana, either retaining your anatomy in fruit form or transforming into homogeneous banana-matter. The user might get eaten.
1019. Bandage Mimicry,3.0
#Your body is or can transform into bandages, either retaining your normal anatomy in wrapped form or becoming homogeneous bandage-matter. You are affected by anything ordinary bandages would be, and some users find it hard to fully unwrap.
1020. Bandersnatch Physiology,4.5
#You are or can transform into a Bandersnatch, the ferocious beast from Lewis Carroll's looking-glass world. Your form has a long snapping-jawed neck, terrifying speed, and a savage temperament that has no equal in the mundane world.
1021. Bandicoot Physiology,2.4
#You are or can transform into a bandicoot or bilby, gaining the burrowing claws, twitching nose and surprising agility of these Australian marsupials. Crash not included.
1022. Bannik Physiology,4.3
#You are a Bannik, the guardian spirit of the bathhouse from Slavic folklore. Within steamy or watery places of tradition you wield potent spirit magic, can commune with forest spirits and perform divinations, but you are deeply offended by Christian iconography and weakened by cold iron.
1023. Banshee Physiology,5.2
#You are a banshee, the wailing woman of the fairy mounds. You can sense impending death, your wails carry omens that strike fear into mortal hearts, and at full force your scream can shatter bone, rupture organs, and outright kill the weak willed.
1024. Baobhan Sith Physiology,5.4
#You are a Baobhan Sith of Scottish folklore, appearing as a beautiful woman who lures men with dance and song before transforming into a hag-like predator with inhuman strength and a thirst for blood. You cannot manifest in sunlight and are vulnerable to cold iron and holy relics.
1025. Barbegazi Physiology,4.0
#You are a Barbegazi, a benevolent ice gnome with a great white beard and oversized feet built for sliding across avalanches. You possess potent ice and snow abilities and can survive in the harshest cold, but you must hibernate during warm months in deep caves.
1026. Barbel Protrusion,1.1
#You have whisker-like sensory barbels growing near your mouth, granting you a heightened sense of touch and taste in your immediate surroundings. Useful for navigating murky water, somewhat awkward at dinner parties.
1027. Barnacle Physiology,1.0
#Allows you to transform partially or fully into a barnacle. You can latch onto surfaces with unbreakable grip and survive in harsh tidal conditions, but in full form you are basically a rock.
1028. Basajaun Physiology,4.5
#You are a Basajaun, the Lord of the Woods from Basque mythology. A massive hairy hominid of immense strength, you can build megaliths, protect flocks, and wield ancient knowledge of agriculture and ironworking. Despite your intimidating bulk, you are a benevolent guardian of the wilds.
1029. Basan Physiology,3.6
#You are a Basan, a nocturnal fowl-like yokai that breathes ghostly cold flames that do not burn. You feed on charred wood and embers, and your beating wings produce the distinctive basabasa rustling that warns of your presence.
1030. Base Form,1.5
#You possess a base or default form that you remain in most of the time when not actively shapeshifting. It may be your true form, or simply the appearance you prefer to wear when interacting with others. Mostly relevant if you already had shapeshifting.
1031. Bashe Physiology,5.7
#You are or can transform into a Bashe, a colossal serpent from Chinese mythology infamous for devouring elephants whole. Your immense size, crushing coils, and unending appetite make you a terror, though you embody the sin of greed and are vulnerable to ancient Chinese rites.
1032. Basilisk Physiology,5.4
#You are or can transform into a Basilisk, the king of serpents. Your gaze is lethal, your venom leaves a deadly trail in your wake, and even your hiss can kill the unwary. Weasels are immune to your venom and a rooster's crow can kill you.
1033. Bat Monster Physiology,4.5
#You are or can transform into a monstrous bat, a hulking nightmare with leathery wings, fanged maw, and horrifying screech. Your physical abilities are monstrously enhanced and your sonar can pierce darkness and shatter eardrums.
1034. Bat Physiology,2.9
#Allows you to transform into a bat or take on bat-like traits, granting you flight, echolocation, and night-sight. You are vulnerable to bat-related diseases and may struggle in direct sunlight.
1035. Batfolk Physiology,3.8
#You are a batfolk, a humanoid bat with leathery wings, sharp fangs, keen echolocation and the dexterity of a person combined with the agility of a bat. You can fly, climb sheer surfaces and hunt in pitch darkness.
1036. Batibat Physiology,5.2
#You are or can transform into a Batibat, the grotesque demon-hag of Philippine folklore born from the slaughter of an old tree. You can invade dreams, induce crushing nightmares, and suffocate sleeping victims with your massive form. Vulnerable to holy rites and demon slayers.
1037. Batoidea Physiology,3.3
#Allows you to transform into a batoid like a manta ray, stingray or skate. You gain graceful aquatic flight underwater, electroreception, and in some forms a venomous barb. You may struggle outside of water.
1038. Batoideanoid Physiology,3.9
#You are a batoideanoid, a humanoid ray-person with broad wing-like fins, electroreceptive senses, and in some cases venomous barbs. You can swim with incredible grace and glide through water like a phantom.
1039. Batsquatch Physiology,5.1
#You are or can transform into a Batsquatch, a hulking flying cryptid with blue fur, yellow eyes, a wolf-like muzzle and fifty-foot leathery wings. You possess monstrous strength, the ability to fly long distances, and a presence that terrifies any who witness you.
1040. Battlefield Adaptation,5.4
#You automatically adapt to any battlefield, your body and mind constantly evolving to outmatch your environment and opponents. Each battle you survive makes you stronger, sharper, and more tactically refined, slowly forging you into a one-man army.
1041. Batwere Physiology,3.7
#You are a batwere, a true bat born with the ability to take on a humanoid form. Unlike a werebat, your true self is the bat, and your human shape is the disguise. You retain your bat senses and flight in any form.
1042. Bauchan Physiology,3.5
#You are or can transform into a bauchan, a mischievous Scottish hobgoblin who is dangerous when wronged but fiercely helpful to those it favors. You possess fae strength, shapeshifting tricks, and a sharp sense of loyalty and grudge alike.
1043. Bauk Physiology,4.6
#You are or can transform into a Bauk, the bear-like monster of Serbian folklore that lurks in dark and abandoned places to ambush wandering victims. You possess immense strength and a terrifying presence, but bright lights and loud noises will send you fleeing.
1044. Bean-nighe Physiology,4.7
#You are a Bean-nighe, the Scottish washing-woman spirit who foretells death by the river. You can sense impending death and misfortune around those near you, grant wishes and bestow knowledge to those who treat you with respect. Anyone who manages to sneak up on you can force boons from you.
1045. Beast Divinity,6.6
#You possess the bestial form of divinity, granting you raw power far beyond mortal beasts and men. Your physical might, instincts and animal-aligned abilities are amplified to a divine level, and you can call upon the authority of beast-gods. Vulnerable to divine slayers and divine power immunity.
1046. Beast Soul,4.0
#Your soul is that of a beast, granting you ferocious instincts and feral capabilities even in a human body. Your power may be partly dormant, awakening through strong emotion or wild behaviour, and stronger beast souls grant access to mythical creature traits.
1047. Beast of Gévaudan Physiology,4.8
#You are or can transform into the Beast of Gévaudan, the man-eating creature that terrorised the French countryside. You possess immense predatory strength, terrifying speed and an appetite for human prey, with hide thick enough to shrug off musket fire. Cryptid manipulators can try to leash you.
1048. Beastfolk Physiology,3.4
#You are or can become a member of the beastfolk, an anthropomorphic animal race. You gain the physical traits and instincts of your animal aspect, fur, claws, fangs, sharper senses, while retaining a humanoid form and intelligence.
1049. Beastwere Physiology,3.8
#You are a beastwere, an animal that can take on a humanoid form, the inverse of a werebeast. Some beastweres control their shifts freely while others are bound to the sun's position or magical triggers. You may retain partly bestial instincts even in human shape.
1050. Beauty Embodiment,7.6
#You are the physical embodiment of beauty itself, infinitely and supremely beautiful, with limitless control over the concept. You may never age, your beauty bends mortal hearts effortlessly, and you might be immune to death until very specific conditions are met.
1051. Beauty Infinitum,8.1
#Your beauty grows endlessly with no upper limit, increasing gradually forever. Your attractiveness, charisma and aesthetic perfection become limitless and immeasurable, allowing you to perform any feat that requires or scales with your inherent beauty. Can be countered by absolute manipulation or infinity negation.
1052. Bee Monster Physiology,4.5
#You are or can transform into a bee monster, possessing the traits and abilities of a giant or otherworldly bee creature. Enhanced strength, chitinous armour, paralytic stingers, venomous bites and the ability to fly come standard, with the worst specimens being absolute nightmares.
1053. Bee Physiology,3.0
#You are or can transform into a bee, including species like honeybees and bumblebees. You gain flight, compound vision and a stinger, though the bright colouration and constant buzzing make stealth a challenge and your stinger may pull free after one good hit.
1054. Beefolk Physiology,2.6
#You are a beefolk, a humanoid bee. You possess wings, enhanced agility, a venomous stinger, and an instinctive understanding of hive dynamics. Your body is far hardier than a regular bee's.
1055. Beginning Embodiment,8.4
#You are the personification of beginnings, the Alpha given form. Every start, from a single breath to the birth of universes, originates through you. Conclusion-aligned beings can contest your domain but cannot erase it.
1056. Being Immunity,6.6
#Your existence is singular across the multiverse. Your past, present, future, destiny and being cannot be borrowed, copied, stolen or swapped. Alternate versions of you may exist, but they have entirely different histories that cannot be confused with your own.
1057. Belief Dependent Self,7.3
#Your existence is shaped entirely by what you and others believe about you. Believe you are unharmed and your wounds vanish, believe you cannot die and you persist. The catch is brutal: you must remain aware of yourself at all times, or your mind itself will dissolve.
1058. Beloniform Physiology,2.8
#You possess the physiology of a beloniform fish, allowing you to take on the traits of flying fish, needlefish, halfbeaks or sauries. You can glide above water for impressive distances and your body is built for slicing through both air and sea.
1059. Belt Empowerment,2.3
#When you are wearing or in contact with belts, you become stronger, faster and more durable. The more belts you have on you, the greater the boost, and high-quality utility belts may even slow your aging.
1060. Belt Mimicry,3.0
#Your body is composed of belts, allowing you to unravel, reshape and reform yourself at will. You can squeeze through tight spaces, lash out like a whip, and reattach severed pieces of yourself with ease.
1061. Benevorous,4.0
#You can feed on the goodness of people's hearts, gaining boosts to stamina, strength, durability and speed proportional to the level of goodness in your foes. The power automatically seeks out the purest soul in any group, making fights against heroes especially nourishing.
1062. Betrayal Empowerment,3.6
#You grow stronger, faster and more durable from acts of treachery, whether your own or others around you. Loyalty and honest truths weaken you, so the more snake-like the surroundings the better you fare.
1063. Beyond-Dimensional Physiology,9.3
#You exist outside the entire concept of dimensions, not as a zero-dimensional point but as something conceptually superior to spatiotemporal reality itself. Almighty Laws and absolute powers can still touch you, but to anything bound by physics you are simply unreachable.
1064. Big Creation Immunity,7.8
#You are immune to universal creation events. You can stand at the heart of a Big Bang and walk away, soaking the primordial energies that birth realities without so much as a singed hair, though you may still feel the pain.
1065. Big Destruction Immunity,7.9
#You are immune to universal destruction events such as the Big Rip, Big Freeze and Big Crunch. The end of a universe is something you can simply walk out of, though the experience is no less unpleasant.
1066. Binding Empowerment,3.5
#You grow stronger, faster and more durable through the act of binding others, drawing power from each captive you keep restrained. Without anything to bind, you weaken back to baseline.
1067. Binding Mimicry,3.6
#You can transform your body partially or completely into bindings, ropes, chains, or restraints of your choice. Your transformed form retains your shape but is made of binding material, allowing you to wrap, ensnare, and hold targets with parts of yourself. Vulnerable to cutting if you keep your anatomy intact.
1068. Binding Power Link,4.2
#Your binding nature is fused with your other powers, fueling and reinforcing them. Every ability you have can be strengthened or augmented by channeling your restraining force through it, but if your binding falters or destabilizes, your other powers may go haywire.
1069. Binding Symbiosis,4.5
#You host a binding-natured entity within yourself, granting you potent containment and immobilization powers. The entity may push back when stressed, attempting to take control of your body or impose its will, especially when you use its power recklessly.
1070. Bio-Augmentation,4.0
#Your biology and genetics have been artificially augmented, granting you a suite of enhancements depending on the nature of the modifications. Could be enhanced strength, regeneration, sensory upgrades, or specialized organs, the exact loadout varies by what you were engineered for.
1071. Bio-Capacitor,4.7
#Your body is a living battery, capable of bio-energetically absorbing ambient energy from any source and storing it for later use. You can release the stored energy in any form you can channel, making you a walking reserve tank for whatever powers you happen to wield.
1072. Bio-Electric Dynamo,4.7
#Your body is a living power plant, drawing in ambient energy and converting it endlessly into bio-electricity and charged particles. You can absorb electrical energies into yourself for fuel, though prolonged output tires you and you have a set maximum voltage.
1073. Bio-Electromagnetic Dynamo,5.4
#Your body endlessly draws in ambient energy and converts it into bio-generated electromagnetic force and particles, with no fuel required. You can absorb electromagnetism back into yourself and channel the stored output to almost any purpose your imagination allows.
1074. Bio-Energy Empowerment,4.6
#You become stronger, faster and tougher in the presence of bio-energy, drawing strength directly from the living force around you. Some users can even feed on it for sustenance or slow their aging, though without a subtle body to draw from you are merely human.
1075. Bio-Energy Power Link,4.5
#Your biofield is fundamentally linked to your other powers, fueling and amplifying them through your living energy. As long as your biology is strong and stable your powers grow with it, but any disruption to your biofield will send them spiraling out of control.
1076. Bio-Gamma Reactor,6.4
#Your body is an infinite gamma radiation power plant. You constantly draw in ambient energy and convert it into endless streams of gamma rays and related particles, which you can project, channel, or absorb back into yourself. You will never run dry.
1077. Bio-Gravimetric Dynamo,6.6
#You are an endless source of gravitational energy. Your biofield draws in ambient power and pumps out gravitons forever, letting you produce, project, or absorb gravity itself in unlimited quantities. You're never going to run out of pull.
1078. Bio-Heat Dynamo,6.0
#Your body is a never-ending furnace, drawing in ambient energy and converting it into infinite heat that pours out of you forever. You can project it, channel it, or pull it back in. You will never freeze and you will never go cold.
1079. Bio-Ionic Dynamo,5.4
#Your body is a living ionic power plant, drawing in ambient energy to endlessly produce ions and ionic forces. You can absorb stray ionic energy to refuel and project it for any purpose you can think of, never running dry as long as the world has energy to give.
1080. Bio-Ionic Furnace,5.8
#Your body is a living plasma furnace, drawing in ambient energy to infinitely generate plasma fire from your flesh. You can vent it as searing arcs, absorb hostile flames to refuel, and direct the burning ionized matter however you wish. You will never go cold.
1081. Bio-Kinetic Dynamo,5.3
#Your body is a living kinetic power plant, drawing in ambient energy to endlessly produce bio-generated kinetic force. You can absorb incoming impacts to refuel yourself and channel that motion for any purpose, from explosive bursts of speed to thunderous strikes.
1082. Bio-Metal Mimicry,6.0
#Your body is composed of malleable living metal, granting you superior strength, immense durability, and first-rate regeneration with no structural weak points. You can harden, soften, sprout blades, mimic your environment, or scatter into pieces, and consuming raw metal makes you stronger.
1083. Bio-Metallic Symbiotic Exoskeleton,6.3
#You are bonded to a bio-metallic symbiotic exoskeleton, a fusion of advanced biomechanics and resilient alloy that integrates seamlessly with your body. It bestows superhuman strength, durability, and physical enhancement, but the bond runs to your genes — if your symbiote dies, so do you.
1084. Bio-Nuclear Dynamo,6.1
#Your body is a living nuclear power plant, endlessly producing nuclear reactive energies and particles drawn from the ambient world. You can absorb radiation as fuel and channel the forces of the atom to whatever destructive or productive purpose you choose.
1085. Bio-Photonic Dynamo,5.8
#Your body is a living photonic power plant, drawing in ambient energy and producing infinite photons and photonic particles. You can absorb light back into yourself or unleash an endless torrent of radiant energy without ever exhausting your reserves.
1086. Bio-Plasma Dynamo,5.9
#Your body is a living plasma furnace, endlessly drawing in ambient energy to produce plasma, heat, and related particles. You can radiate, project, or reabsorb fourth-state matter at will, never running dry of fuel.
1087. Bio-Pyric Dynamo,5.7
#Your body is a living eternal flame, drawing in ambient energy to endlessly produce bio-fire, heat, oxidizers, and related fire elements. You can absorb fire back into yourself just as easily as you project it, never burning out.
1088. Bio-Quantum Perpetuator,6.7
#Your body is a living quantum power plant, drawing in ambient energy and channelling it into the energetic forms of quantum physics. You can absorb and radiate quantum forces endlessly, manipulating the strange phenomena of the subatomic world without exhausting yourself.
1089. Bio-Reactive Perpetuator,5.9
#Your body is a living reactor, endlessly drawing in ambient energy to produce and channel radiation and radioactive particles. You can absorb radiant energy back into yourself or unleash it in any form, an inexhaustible nuclear power plant in flesh.
1090. Bio-Solar Dynamo,6.4
#Your body is a living solar power plant, endlessly drawing in ambient energy to produce the forces, substances, and radiation that comprise extraterrestrial suns. You can radiate the power of a star or absorb it back into yourself, never burning out.
1091. Bio-Sonic Dynamo,5.6
#Your body is a living acoustic power plant, drawing in ambient energy to infinitely produce bio-generated sound and related vibrational energies. You can radiate, shape, or reabsorb sound at any volume forever without straining your throat or lungs.
1092. Bio-Stellar Transformer,7.3
#Your body is a living dyson sphere, constantly drawing in ambient energy and converting it into stellar forces with no upper limit on output. You can endlessly produce starfire, stellar plasma and radiation, absorb it back, and never run dry as long as ambient energy exists nearby.
1093. Bio-Volatile Dynamo,7.2
#Your body endlessly produces volatile forces and explosive substances by drawing in ambient energy, with no theoretical upper limit. You can release detonations, fuel reactions, and reabsorb the products back into yourself. Effectively a self-fueling bomb factory wearing your skin.
1094. Biodroid Physiology,5.5
#You are a biodroid, an artificially engineered organic being designed to be the perfect form of life. Your body is purpose-built and programmable, every organ optimized for function. You retain organic vulnerabilities but trade them for engineered perfection in everything else.
1095. Biological Boxing Gloves,0.6
#You have boxing gloves where your hands should be. Permanently. Buttoning a shirt is a nightmare, but you'll never have to bring your own gear to the gym.
1096. Biological Resistance,2.8
#Your body shrugs off the effects of biological weapons, viruses, toxins, and unwanted genetic tampering. There is still a threshold to how much your body can endure, and a bioweapon designed specifically against you may bypass your defenses entirely.
1097. Biological Singularity,7.3
#You are a biological singularity, an organism whose evolutionary potential has folded inward and outward at once, expanding endlessly to assimilate everything it touches. Your growth has no natural ceiling but always teeters on the edge of devouring everything around you, and may even turn carcinogenic against itself.
1098. Biological Zipper,0.4
#You were born with one or more zippers somewhere on your body. Anyone, including you, can pull them open. What is underneath is up to your imagination, but other people can pull them too.
1099. Bioluminescence,1.6
#Your body can generate its own light through internal chemical reactions, glowing softly or brightly as you wish. Useful in dark places, romantic in others, and easily countered by darkness-based powers.
1100. Biomechanical Regeneration,4.5
#Your biomechanical tissue regenerates from any damage, mono-molecular biomachines rebuilding your synthetic flesh on a cellular level. Scratches, broken bones, lost limbs and even chunks of your body all knit back together. Subject to the usual regeneration limits, like needing a surviving core.
1101. Biomechanical Skin,2.0
#Your robotic body is covered in artificial skin made of biomechanical material, perfectly mimicking organic flesh in appearance and feel. Useful for infiltration, for blending in, or for living among people who would otherwise destroy you on sight.
1102. Biomechatronic Power Core,6.0
#Inside you burns a core that perpetuates near-limitless faux life energy, transforming your entire body into a closed-loop reactor of clean energy. You never tire in the way mortals do and your physical and mental efficacy run hot from the constant flow. Your body must remain organic-like in form, or the core misfires.
1103. Bionic Frog Physiology,2.6
#Allows you to transform partially or fully into a cybernetic frog. You gain enhanced leaping power, a mechanical tongue that can extend several meters and grip like a cable, and onboard targeting systems. Vulnerable to Robotic Manipulation.
1104. Bionic Gorilla Physiology,3.6
#Allows you to transform partially or fully into a cybernetic gorilla. You gain monstrous strength, reinforced armor plating, and built-in heavy weaponry that can be deployed from your forearms. Vulnerable to Robotic Manipulation.
1105. Bionic Hedgehog Physiology,3.0
#Allows you to transform partially or fully into a cybernetic hedgehog. Your spines become razor-sharp metal quills that can be launched as projectiles, and you can roll into a buzzsaw form at high speeds. Vulnerable to Robotic Manipulation.
1106. Bionic Insect Physiology,3.2
#Allows you to transform partially or fully into a cybernetic insect of your choosing. You gain reinforced chitin plating, mechanical wings, sensor antennae, and built-in tools or weapons depending on the insect. Vulnerable to Robotic Manipulation and insect slayers alike.
1107. Bionic Penguin Physiology,2.7
#Allows you to transform partially or fully into a cybernetic penguin. You become an aquatic torpedo with reinforced plating, jet propulsion through water, and a beak strong enough to puncture steel. Vulnerable to Robotic Manipulation.
1108. Bionic Physiology,5.4
#Your body is a machine, or you can transform yours into one. You possess the traits of robots, cyborgs, and androids - mechanical limbs, internal factories that can manifest tools or weapons, wheels, and other contraptions limited only by your imagination. Vulnerable to Technology Manipulation and EMPs.
1109. Bionic Rabbit Physiology,2.5
#Allows you to transform partially or fully into a cybernetic rabbit. You gain absurd leg-piston strength for jumping and kicking, hyper-acute auditory sensors, and a small but agile chassis. Vulnerable to Robotic Manipulation.
1110. Bionic Rhinoceros Physiology,3.7
#Allows you to transform partially or fully into a cybernetic rhinoceros. You become a rolling tank with thick armor plating, a drill-horn capable of punching through walls, and devastating charge attacks. Vulnerable to Robotic Manipulation.
1111. Bionic Shark Physiology,3.5
#Allows you to transform partially or fully into a cybernetic shark. You gain a reinforced metal hide, a buzzsaw-jaw filled with replaceable serrated teeth, sonar arrays, and a propulsion system for incredible underwater speed. Vulnerable to Robotic Manipulation.
1112. Bionic Spider Physiology,3.3
#Allows you to transform partially or fully into a cybernetic spider. You can spin metal cable webbing, scale any surface, deploy from your abdomen miniature drones, and inject various chemical payloads through your fangs. Vulnerable to Robotic Manipulation.
1113. Bionic Toy Mimicry,2.2
#Allows you to transform yourself into a mechanical toy, retaining your full anatomy in toy-form. Your durability is limited and you may need to recharge with batteries, but you make for an excellent infiltrator and your wind-up mechanisms can power surprising feats.
1114. Bionic Wolf Physiology,3.4
#Allows you to transform partially or fully into a cybernetic wolf. You gain enhanced speed and tracking sensors, reinforced metal jaws strong enough to crush armor, and pack-coordination systems if multiple wolves are present. Vulnerable to Robotic Manipulation.
1115. Birdfolk Physiology,3.6
#You are or can transform into a birdfolk, a humanoid avian race popular in fantasy settings. You gain hollow bones, true flight via feathered wings, sharp talons and beak, and the keen eyesight of a raptor while retaining your humanoid mind and dexterity.
1116. Bisonfolk Physiology,3.7
#You are or can transform into a bisonfolk, a humanoid bison race common in fantasy settings. You gain immense bulk and strength, a thick shaggy coat, devastating horns, and the unstoppable momentum of a charging bison while retaining your humanoid intelligence.
1117. Bisso Galeto Physiology,4.5
#European Folklore - Allows you to transform into the Bisso Galeto, a legendary Veronese monster with the body and crested head of a rooster, spined wings, and a serpent's tail. You can grow or shrink your body length at will and your venom is incredibly potent. Will die instantly if you ever see your own reflection in a mirror.
1118. Absolute Bite,8.6
#Your bite is absolute. There is nothing your jaws cannot tear through - not metal, not stone, not the laws of reality themselves. Whether you achieve this through fangs, mandibles, beak, or some unusual jaw-structure, when you bite down, the target loses.
1119. Enhanced Bite,2.0
#Your bite is far stronger than a regular human's, allowing you to crunch through bone, light metal, and most everyday materials. Your teeth can still break on truly hard substances, so be mindful what you chomp.
1120. Supernatural Bite,4.2
#Your bite is unnaturally powerful and your teeth are unnaturally resilient. Sharp fangs, mandibles, beaks, or simply monstrously strong jaw muscles let you tear through nearly any material your teeth can grip. Large flat surfaces remain a problem since you have to actually get a bite in.
1121. Peak Human Bite,1.0
#Your bite force is at the peak of human conditioning, strong enough to tear through flesh and even sever fingers with effort. Your teeth can still chip on hard substances, so chew carefully.
1122. Bivalvia Physiology,1.4
#You are or can transform into a bivalve - clam, oyster, mussel, or scallop. You gain a hard protective shell and the ability to filter-feed, but you are also slow, mostly blind, and possess very poor senses overall. A safe but limiting form.
1123. Black Bear Physiology,3.0
#You are or can transform into a black bear, American or Asian variety. You gain considerable strength, sharp claws, surprising climbing ability, and the dense muscle and fat of a true ursine predator.
1124. Black Dog Physiology,4.4
#European Folklore - Allows you to transform into a black dog, the spectral nocturnal hound of British folklore known by countless names like Barghest, Black Shuck, Padfoot, and Cù Sìth. You gain spectral physical abilities, an unsettling presence, and association with the underworld. May be unable to enter holy ground and weak to divine forces.
1125. Black Hole Mimicry,7.5
#You can transform your body partially or fully into a black hole, your form composed of collapsed matter and crushing gravity. In your fully formed state you become an inescapable singularity, while hybrid forms grant immense physical reinforcement through the energy flowing through your cells.
1126. Black Shuck Physiology,4.6
#You are or can transform into a Black Shuck, the massive black hound of the British isles with flaming eyes that serves as an omen of death. The meanest of the Black Dog breeds, you are immensely large, vicious, and your appearance alone is said to herald doom.
1127. Blade Retraction,4.0
#You can generate and retract blades from your body at will, made of metal, bone, or energy depending on your nature. Wolverine-style claws, hidden arm blades, retractable shoulder swords, the form is up to you. The blades can still be broken if struck hard enough.
1128. Bladed Dragon Physiology,6.3
#You are or can transform into a Bladed Dragon, a species of dragon whose body is composed of or covered in blades, either through natural means or magical construction. Combined with the natural physical might of dragons, your body itself becomes a lethal weapon, every scale a razor edge.
1129. Bladed Tail,3.1
#You possess a tail tipped with a blade of some kind, whether a knife, axe, scissors, or any other edged tool. The tail itself may even fully take the form of a bladed weapon. Watch where you swing it, and pray nobody cuts it off.
1130. Bladeproof Durability,4.2
#You are immune or highly resistant to blades and stabbing attacks, whether through tough skin, rapid healing, or blades simply passing through you. You are not immune to pain or knockback, and sufficiently enhanced or supernatural blades may still cut you.
1131. Blattodea Physiology,3.5
#You are or can transform into a cockroach, gaining their incredible resilience, ability to survive radiation, squeeze through impossibly small gaps, and live without a head for weeks. Disgustingly hard to kill.
1132. Blemmyae Physiology,3.3
#You are or can transform into a Blemmyae, a mythological headless humanoid whose facial features are located on its chest. Strange in appearance, undeniably unique, but you may not be the brightest creature around.
1133. Blessed Blood,5.4
#Your blood is inherently sanctified, granting you minor passive benedictions like resistance to disease and corruption. Unholy beings that consume or touch your blood are burned and weakened, and a single drop can purify tainted water or ground. Vulnerable to those wielding cursed blood of comparable potency.
1134. Blessed Body,6.6
#Your entire physical form is composed of pure blessing, being blessed is as natural to you as breathing. You are passively a walking benediction, healing the sick by proximity and warding off evil without effort. The catch is severe: committing genuine evil acts begins to unmake your body, and stripping your blessing would be the same as killing you.
1135. Blessed Power Link,5.7
#Your blessed nature is fused with your other powers, sanctifying everything you do and amplifying your abilities through holy energy. Every power you possess is enhanced by benedictions, making them more potent and harder to negate. Requires a stable state of mind, and can spiral out of control if your faith wavers.
1136. Blessing Dragon Physiology,6.8
#You are a Blessing Dragon, a rare and powerful draconic being with mastery over benedictions. Your physical form is monstrously strong and you can grant blessings to anything in sight, ranging from temporary invincibility to perfect luck to extraordinary beauty. Still outranked by true dragon gods, but among mortals you are essentially a walking miracle.
1137. Blessing Embodiment,7.4
#You are the embodiment of blessings themselves, a living concept of benediction. Anything you touch or even glance at can be blessed at will, and your very existence radiates positive supernatural effects. Curses and curse embodiments are your eternal opposite and natural counter, but against anything else you are a font of pure good fortune.
1138. Blessing Presence,5.4
#Your mere presence blesses people and things around you, plants grow faster in your wake, the sick feel better in your shadow, and allies in your vicinity find their luck quietly improving. The effect has a finite range and may not work on all targets, but it is constant and effortless. Curse manipulators can disrupt it.
1139. Blindness Immunity,2.6
#You are immune to anything that would cause blindness, whether it be viral, induced, magical or manipulated. Bright flashes, blinding gases, and sight-stealing curses simply do not affect you. Bypass-type abilities and immunity negation can still get through.
1140. Blob Physiology,4.3
#You either are or can transform into a blob, an amorphous being that can disintegrate and consume nearly anything. You are nearly impossible to kill through conventional means due to your lack of vital organs or fixed shape, and you can squeeze through any gap. Temperature extremes can be a serious weakness.
1141. Block Physiology,3.6
#Your body is made of blocks, granting you incredible resilience and the ability to survive dismemberment with only repairs needed. You can rearrange, separate and reshape your blocky body into different forms or weapons, but you are obviously inhuman on close inspection.
1142. Blood Empowerment,3.9
#You become stronger, faster and more durable when in contact with or near blood, with your existing abilities amplified by its presence. You may also gain sustenance from blood and even slow your aging, but you risk addiction and withdrawal without regular consumption.
1143. Blood Independence,3.2
#You can survive losing vastly more blood than a normal person, far past the typical 40% lethal threshold. Blood-based attacks no longer threaten you with death by exsanguination, though you can still be killed by other means.
1144. Blood Physiology,4.2
#Your body is made of blood, either retaining the same internal anatomy or being a homogeneous fluid mass. You can reshape and reform yourself freely, but haemotoxic poisons and vampiric powers are devastatingly effective against you.
1145. Blood Power,5.4
#Your blood is its own font of life energy, an endless supernatural fuel from which all blood-based abilities can be derived. Acts as its own catalyst for blood magic, and a willing blood sacrifice produces a tremendous burst of power. Beware blood drinkers, who can siphon it from you.
1146. Blood Rush Immunity,1.4
#You are immune to the effects of blood rushing in your body. You can hang upside down indefinitely without your head exploding, and you physically cannot blush. Strangely specific but oddly freeing.
1147. Bloodlessness,3.8
#You have no blood or any other circulatory fluid. You don't need to oxygenate your cells, granting you near-limitless stamina, and you cannot bleed out from any wound no matter how horrific. Vulnerable to anyone who could turn you into blood, however.
1148. Bloodline Force Empowerment,4.7
#You become stronger, faster and more durable when in contact with or drawing upon the forces of your bloodline, with some affinity techniques unlocking on the fly. You may even slow or halt your aging while immersed in it. Without that connection, you are just a regular member of your line.
1149. Bloodline Power Link,4.5
#Your hereditary essence is directly tied into your powers, fueling and strengthening them through your bloodline. The more stable your lineage, the more controlled your abilities become, but an unstable hereditary nature can cause your powers to spiral out of your grasp.
1150. Bloodlust Empowerment,3.6
#You grow stronger, faster, and more durable the more bloodlust you feel. A violent desire to maim and kill fuels your body, unlocking new capabilities and even slowing your aging. However, your sanity may not survive the thirst, and satisfying it may weaken you instead.
1151. Bloody Bones Physiology,5.4
#You are or can transform into Bloody Bones, a bogeyman spirit that feeds on the fear, pain and flesh of others. Any human who looks directly at you will be haunted until their death, and you can drag victims into deep waters or follow them through the dark. You are powerless against those who refuse to look at you.
1152. Bludnik Physiology,3.3
#Slavic Folklore - You are a Błudnik, a troublesome gnome-like spirit that leads travelers astray like a Will O' The Wisp, often to their deaths in swamps and forests. You can manipulate paths and perception to make anyone lost, though you are vulnerable to holy relics and cold iron.
1153. Blue Fire Mimicry,5.5
#Your body is made of or can transform into blue fire, letting you flow as flame or reform as a physical being whose cells and bones are fortified by searing heat. You may need oxygen or flammable material to sustain the form, and water or cold can still hurt you.
1154. Blue Men of the Minch Physiology,4.2
#You are a Blue Man of the Minch, a Scottish sea-demon of the storm. You can swim like a porpoise, whip up vicious maritime storms at will and possess the mischievous strength of a fairy. Vulnerable to cold iron and holy relics, and bound to halt any attack if your leader's rhyming challenge is accepted.
1155. Bluecap Physiology,3.2
#You either are or can transform into a Bluecap, a small fairy resembling a living blue flame. You can drift through caves and tunnels with ease, sense valuable mineral deposits within the stone and feel the tremors of impending cave-ins long before they happen.
1156. Blunt Force Immunity,4.0
#You are completely immune to damage from blunt force attacks. Punches, kicks, falling anvils, baseball bats and collapsing buildings mean nothing to you, though you can still be thrown around like a ragdoll, and sharp edges still cut just fine.
1157. Bodach Physiology,3.8
#You either are or can transform into a Bodach, the hideous old-man bogeyman of Scottish folklore. You possess the strength and malice of a fairy hag, can slip down chimneys to snatch misbehaving children and feed on the fear of your victims, though you lose power if no one fears you.
1158. Bodily Entry Protection,3.9
#Nothing can enter or exit your body through any orifice, gap or wound without your permission. Poison gas cannot reach your lungs, parasites cannot crawl into your ears and sensory overload cannot reach you through your nose.
1159. Bodily Fluid Independence,4.2
#Your body has no bodily fluids at all, and doesn't need them. You can survive desiccation, blood loss, dehydration and fluid-based poisons effortlessly, though if you no longer need to eat or drink, you may find the sensations impossible to enjoy.
1160. Bodily Fluid Mimicry,4.3
#You are made of or can transform your body completely into bodily fluids. You can reform from splatters, squeeze through tight spaces and absorb physical blows, though you are horrifyingly vulnerable to anything or anyone with an appetite for such things.
1161. Bodily Gas Mimicry,2.6
#You can transform your body into bodily gas at will, becoming intangible to most physical attacks but vulnerable to wind. You may also smell constantly and risk being unable to return to solid form.
1162. Body Adaptation,3.6
#Whenever your mind is transferred or swapped into another body, you rapidly adapt to it, overcoming its weaknesses and mastering its capabilities as if it were your own. Useful for anyone who expects to be body-hopping.
1163. Body Function Empowerment,4.7
#You grow stronger and faster from the bodily functions of yourself or others, breathing, digestion, heartbeat, neural activity, healing. The more active the processes around you, the more empowered you become. Some users can even draw sustenance from these processes or slow their own aging.
1164. Body Meridian Empowerment,4.6
#Your body meridians act as an internal engine, making you stronger, faster and tougher the more you cultivate your inner energy. With enough training, you can even slow your aging and draw sustenance directly from your own chi flow.
1165. Body Part Mimicry,2.8
#You are (or can turn into) a fully independent body part, a walking hand, a sentient eye, a roaming organ. Despite being just a limb you function as a complete being and not a subcomponent of any larger body.
1166. Body Storage,3.9
#Your body contains hidden compartments that can store objects, weapons or tools. Advanced users have so much capacity it's clearly dimensional in nature, an entire armory somehow coexisting with your organs. Great for never being unarmed.
1167. Body Supremacy,6.0
#You have complete and total control over your own body, from muscles and bones down to neurons, reflexes and instincts. You move with superhuman grace and precision, override involuntary processes at will, and cannot be forced into actions your mind doesn't command. Overriding natural reflexes carelessly can leave you exposed.
1168. Body Transcendence,7.4
#Your body has transcended its natural potential and limitations, able to perform feats the mortal form was never meant to achieve. The more you train and refine yourself, the further past the horizon of 'possible' your body can reach. Can still be outmatched by someone with an absolute body.
1169. Bog Mummy Physiology,3.8
#You are (or can transform into) a bog mummy, a corpse preserved for centuries in the acidic waters of peat bogs and swamps. You possess the durability and eerie presence of the undead but your bog-cured flesh can be fragile, and slayers of the undead know exactly how to put you back in the mud.
1170. Boggart Physiology,4.4
#You are a boggart, a mischievous spirit of English folklore that haunts households, swamps, fields and other localised places. You love to play tricks, prank and frighten mortals, and the stronger their fear, the stronger you become. Vulnerable to holy relics, cold iron and anti-fairy magic.
1171. Boitata Physiology,4.6
#South American Mythology - You are or can transform into the Boitata, a massive fiery serpent born from a flood-surviving anaconda that devoured eyes for their light. Your gaze burns with all the light you've swallowed and your nocturnal senses are flawless, but daylight leaves you near-blind and water or cold dims your fire considerably.
1172. Bokkenrijder Physiology,4.2
#Dutch Folklore - You are a Buckrider, a devil-sworn sinner who can call upon the Devil's name to summon a flying goat steed and ride through the night sky. You possess the supernatural vitality of a damned soul but are vulnerable to holy rites and prayers of monotheistic faiths.
1173. Bond Empowerment,4.7
#The stronger the bonds of friendship, love and family you share with others, the stronger, faster and more durable you become. Being near loved ones amplifies your existing abilities and may unlock new ones tied to the affinity you share, and deep enough bonds may even sustain you or slow your aging. The death of a bonded one is devastating in more ways than one.
1174. Bone Durability,3.6
#Your bones are extraordinarily dense and durable, allowing you to throw and withstand bone-shattering blows without harm. Useful for absorbing impacts and reinforcing strikes, though the rest of your body is still as vulnerable as anyone else's.
1175. Bone Regeneration,3.4
#Your bones regenerate from any damage, knitting themselves back together from breaks and even regrowing entirely if shattered or removed. The process may still hurt, and it only regenerates bones, not the soft tissue around them.
1176. Boneless Body,2.3
#Your body has no bones, your skeleton being replaced by cartilage or something similar. This makes you absurdly flexible and resistant to blunt trauma, though your striking power suffers for it.
1177. Boo Hag Physiology,4.6
#You are a Boo Hag, a flayed demonic hag from hoodoo folklore that wears stolen skins by day and rides victims by night, draining their life. You must return to your skin before sunrise or lose it forever, and holy wards can keep you out.
1178. Book Mimicry,3.3
#You either are or can transform into a book. Depending on what kind of book you are, you may have access to the powers associated with it - a spellbook grants magic, a comic book grants superpowers, a cookbook grants recipes you really shouldn't skip.
1179. Boomerang Mimicry,2.2
#You either are or can transform into a boomerang. You retain your organs and vulnerabilities in this form, but you do come back to yourself when thrown - most of the time.
1180. Bounce House Mimicry,1.1
#You either are or can transform into a bounce house. Children love you, deflation is a real concern, and you may start to drift skyward if you aren't holding onto something.
1181. Boundless Inner World,8.5
#You contain an infinite inner reality within yourself, a limitless plane filled with knowledge and potential. Within this inner world you are effectively omnipotent, able to draw out anything you need from its endless possibilities. The more you explore and develop it, the more it can offer, and a skilled user could pull entire armies or artifacts out of their own soul.
1182. Bovine Companionship,1.4
#You have a natural bond with bovines, be it cows, bulls, buffalo or antelope. Any bovine you befriend becomes a loyal companion and nothing can drive you two apart, though some training may still be needed for the bond to fully form.
1183. Brachiation,1.7
#You are able to brachiate, moving effortlessly and smoothly through trees, scaffolding and any overhead structure by swinging from arm to arm. In a forest or jungle gym you move faster overhead than most people can run.
1184. Brain Empowerment,2.9
#You become stronger, faster and more durable in the presence of brains, whether your own, others', or nearby specimens. Being close to enough grey matter may even unlock related abilities and slow your aging, though anything that impedes brain function (trauma, alcohol, disease) weakens you in turn.
1185. Brain Entity Physiology,3.9
#You are an entity made entirely of brain matter, whether a literal living brain, a disembodied grey matter in a synthetic body, or a walking manifestation of a nervous system. Your physical form is as sensitive as an exposed brain typically is, making you exceptionally vulnerable to trauma when your defenses fail.
1186. Brainlessness,2.2
#You either have no brain or a completely nonfunctional one, rendering you immune to head trauma and powers targeting the brain. The downside is that you are, well, brainless, resulting in a noticeable lack of intelligence.
1187. Branding Empowerment,4.0
#You grow stronger, faster, and more durable from brands placed upon you or nearby, potentially unlocking abilities related to their affinity. You may even be able to draw sustenance from brands and slow your aging. Without a brand to feed on, you are weakened.
1188. Brown Bear Physiology,3.4
#You are or can transform into a brown bear, gaining its massive size, raw strength, thick hide and devastating claws. Be warned, those who wield Ursine Manipulation can take the reins from you.
1189. Brownie Physiology,3.1
#You are or can transform into a brownie, a household spirit from British folklore. In this form you are small, hairy, unsettling to look at and possess an uncanny knack for completing chores and farm work at supernatural speed overnight.
1190. Brunnmigi Physiology,3.8
#Norse Mythology - You are or can transform into a brunnmigi, a monstrous fox-like spirit infamous for defiling wells with its urine. Your touch can pollute any source of water, spreading sickness and drought across entire settlements. Vulnerable to Old Norse rituals.
1191. Bubble Mimicry,4.2
#Your body is made of bubbles, or can be transformed into them at will. In homogeneous form you are nearly impossible to damage conventionally, but a careless pop can leave you scattered across the room.
1192. Bubble Slime Mimicry,3.8
#Your body is made of a viscous bubble slime, capable of producing bubbles directly from its surface. You can flatten, stretch and reshape yourself freely, though returning to your original form takes practice.
1193. Buffalo Physiology,3.1
#You are or can transform into a buffalo or bison, gaining immense weight, trampling strength and a stubborn endurance. Your charge is nearly impossible to stop once committed.
1194. Bugbear Physiology,3.9
#You are a Bugbear, the bogeyman of English folklore that lures away misbehaving children. You possess frightening strength, a fear-inducing aura and claws built for the hunt, though cold iron and religious icons can harm you and you weaken when no one fears you.
1195. Buggane Physiology,4.5
#You are a Buggane, the malicious troll-like monster of Manx folklore. You possess immense strength capable of tearing roofs from houses and altering landscapes in a fight, though you share the vulnerabilities of fairy folk and giant-kin alike.
1196. Bul-Gae Physiology,4.6
#Korean Mythology - You are a Bul-Gae, a legendary hound from the kingdom of darkness, sent by its king to seize the sun and moon. You possess the persistence and hunting prowess of a celestial beast, but the sun burns your mouth and the moon freezes it, making your grand task eternally out of reach.
1197. Bulletproof Durability,3.5
#You are immune or highly resistant to bullets and gunfire, either through tough skin, armored physiology or rapid healing. You still feel the impact and knockback, and high-caliber or contact shots may still breach your defenses.
1198. Bullywug Physiology,2.9
#DnD - You possess the traits of a bullywug, an amphibian humanoid. You gain powerful leg muscles for long leaps, a long sticky tongue, the ability to breathe underwater and skin that must stay moist or you begin to suffer.
1199. Bunyip Physiology,4.3
#You have the form of a bunyip, the shapeless carnivorous water monster of Aboriginal myth. Your exact appearance is never fixed, shifting between witnesses, and you are an apex predator in any billabong, river or swamp, with immense strength and a paralyzing roar.
1200. Burning Kiss,2.8
#Your kiss burns whatever it touches, scorching lips on contact and capable of incinerating flesh with prolonged contact. Romantic life gets complicated, and the power may be constantly active.
1201. Buruburu Physiology,3.8
#You are a Buruburu, a Japanese yokai of cowardice that manifests to the fearful and causes them to shiver uncontrollably before fleeing. You feed on fear and can induce terror in those who meet your gaze, but the fearless and the strong-willed are immune, and shrine rituals can seal you away.
1202. Butter Mimicry,2.1
#Your body is made of butter, either anatomically identical to your old form or as homogeneous matter you can reshape freely. Vulnerable to heat and mold.
1203. Butterfly Physiology,2.9
#You either are or can transform into a butterfly, gaining flight, delicate compound vision, and the traits of whichever species you take on.
1204. Butterflyfolk Physiology,3.5
#You are a butterflyfolk, a humanoid butterfly race from fantasy. You possess delicate wings, enhanced agility, and the grace of your kin while retaining a humanoid form and mind.
1205. Bwbachod Physiology,3.2
#Welsh Mythology - You are a bwbachod, a household brownie-goblin trickster spirit. You loyally serve whoever summons you, tidying homes and tending lands, but will turn wrathful if denied your due offering of fresh cream and butter.
1206. Byobu Nozoki Physiology,2.9
#Japanese Mythology - You are a Byobu Nozoki, an impossibly tall yokai in white robes who peers over folding screens at acts of intimacy. You feed off sexual misdeeds and possess the mischievous nature common to tsukumogami, but are weak to shrine rituals and lust negation.
1207. Bypassing Anchoring,5.4
#You are immune to any attempts at bypassing your immunities. Powers that would slip around your defenses simply fail to take hold, though immunity negation and removal still work on you normally.
1208. Cù-sìth Physiology,4.6
#Scottish Mythology - You are or can transform into a Cù-sìth, a shaggy dark-green forest hellhound the size of a cow. You hunt in absolute silence, broken only by three terrifying barks that can be heard for miles, even far out at sea.
1209. Cŵn Annwn Physiology,5.0
#Welsh Mythology - You are or can transform into a Cŵn Annwn, a white red-eared hellhound of Arawn's wild hunt. You hunt the souls of oathbreakers and the damned across moors and mountains, your bay heralding the arrival of death itself.
1210. Cabbit Physiology,1.4
#You either are or can transform into a cabbit, a hybrid of cat and rabbit. Cute, nimble, with twitchy ears and a curious disposition. Mostly just adorable.
1211. Cacatuidae Physiology,1.5
#You either are or can transform into a cockatoo. Loud, crested, clever enough to pick locks, and blessed with flight. Unfortunately you can be controlled by avian manipulators.
1212. Cacodemon Physiology,6.3
#Greek Mythology - You are a cacodemon, a minor demonic spirit of bad luck and ruinous manipulation. You radiate misfortune onto those around you, guiding them into disastrous situations, and are a powerful shapeshifter on top of it. Weak to demon slayers and the light of agathodaemons.
1213. Cacomistle Physiology,1.7
#You either are or can transform into a cacomistle, a small nocturnal mammal resembling a half-cat, half-raccoon. Nimble, stealthy, and great at climbing, but not much in a fight.
1214. Cactus Cat Physiology,3.0
#North American Folklore - You are or can transform into a Cactus Cat, a bobcat-sized creature covered in hair-like thorns with long spines on your legs and an armored branching tail. You slash open cacti to drink their fermented juice, and your drunken shrieks carry across the desert night.
1215. Cactus Physiology,2.8
#Your body is made of cactus, spined and water-retaining. Attackers who strike you impale themselves on your thorns, but you need sunlight and water and are quite slow.
1216. Caffeine Empowerment,3.1
#You become stronger, faster, and more durable by consuming caffeinated products. Coffee, tea, soda, or energy drinks all count, and heavy doses can even slow your aging, but crash and addiction are very real concerns.
1217. Cake Mimicry,1.9
#Your body is made entirely of cake, either anatomically identical to your old form or as homogeneous dessert. You are soft, edible, and vulnerable to rot.
1218. Cake Monster Physiology,2.7
#You are a cake monster, a sugary abomination whose body and traits depend on your flavor. You are stronger than you look, but you can still be eaten, and monster slayers will have a field day.
1219. Caladrius Physiology,5.2
#Roman Mythology - You are or can transform into a Caladrius, a snow-white mythological bird that heals the sick by drawing their ailments into yourself and then flying off to disperse them into the sky. Anti-regeneration and healing impairment can counter you, but few ailments are beyond your touch.
1220. Calendar Empowerment,3.3
#Your strength, speed and durability fluctuate with the calendar. Certain days, seasons or times grant you massive boosts and even unlock new abilities, while others leave you at baseline. You may find yourself praying for the right holiday before a fight.
1221. Calm State,4.1
#Your mind, body, heart and soul exist in a state of unshakable inner peace. You still feel fear, anger and sorrow, but they never spiral or cloud your judgement; every emotion is processed with perfect clarity. No amount of pain, terror or provocation can make you panic or hesitate.
1222. Calmness Empowerment,3.0
#Your strength, speed and durability grow with the calmness of yourself and those around you. The more serene the environment, the stronger you become. Useless in the middle of a panicking crowd.
1223. Caloric Conversion,3.2
#You fuel your powers by burning the calories you eat. The harder you push, the more you need to eat to keep up, and running dry means your body starts consuming its own life force to compensate. Sustained overuse can starve you to death.
1224. Cambion Physiology Transcendent,7.8
#You are a transcendent cambion, born from the union of a mortal and a demon of the highest order. Your physical and mystical abilities wildly surpass ordinary cambions, letting you overpower angels and demons by the legion. You wield demonic power at a nigh-omnipotent level, though divine slayers and transcendent weaponry can still bring you down.
1225. Cambion Physiology,4.6
#You are a cambion, the offspring of a demon and a mortal human. You possess demonic abilities tempered by your human half, granting you enhanced physicals, a touch of hellfire or corruption magic, and a lifespan that exceeds mortal norms. Holy powers and angels may give you serious trouble.
1226. Camelid Physiology,2.3
#You are or can transform into a camelid, gaining the resilience, endurance and desert-adapted physiology of a camel, llama or alpaca. You can go days without water, spit with remarkable accuracy and carry heavy loads with ease.
1227. Camelidoid Physiology,2.6
#You are a camelidoid, a humanoid of camelid descent. You retain the dexterity of a human while gaining a camel's endurance, water retention and surefooted stride across harsh terrain. Your spit game is also notably strong.
1228. Candy Empowerment,3.2
#Eating candy makes you stronger, faster, and more durable, and grants full sustenance without the sugar crash. The more exotic the sweet, the greater the boost, though poisoned candy is a very real risk.
1229. Candy Mimicry,3.5
#Your body is or can become candy. You retain your full anatomy in this form but can also shift into homogeneous sugar, though fire melts you and cold makes you brittle.
1230. Candy Monster Physiology,4.1
#You are or can transform into a candy monster, a supernatural confectionary being with a slew of candy-based abilities. Your body is made of living sweets and you can reshape it into fangs, claws, or sprawling sugary horrors.
1231. Candy Tears,1.5
#You cry candy instead of tears. A strange, sticky blessing that makes heartbreak a little sweeter.
1232. Canine Monster Physiology,4.3
#You are or can transform into a canine monster — a supernatural beast shaped like a hound but far more terrible. Enhanced strength, senses, and a feral edge that most normal predators cannot match.
1233. Canine Physiology,3.4
#You are or can transform into a canine, whether wolf, fox, jackal, coyote, or domestic dog. You gain all of their senses and physical traits, though chocolate is now genuinely poisonous to you.
1234. Caninefolk Physiology,3.7
#You are a member of the caninefolk, a humanoid race of dog-people. You possess a canine's senses, strength, and loyalty with a human's mind and hands, ranging from noble wolfkin to scrappy street-mutt.
1235. Cannibalism Empowerment,4.6
#(Horror) Eating the flesh of your own species makes you stronger, faster, tougher, and may even unlock new abilities tied to those you consume. The boost can sustain you indefinitely and slow your aging, but it only works if you're willing to pay the price.
1236. Cannon Mimicry,3.2
#Your body is or can become a cannon, either retaining your shape in mortar form or transforming wholesale into homogeneous cannon-matter. Fire yourself at your enemies and hope the recoil doesn't hurt too much.
1237. Capability Retention,4.6
#Your powers, skills, and traits remain with you no matter what form you take. Turned into a frog? Still have your fire magic. Transmuted into a sword? You can still cast spells and think clearly. Your essence carries your capabilities regardless of the vessel.
1238. Capacitor,4.2
#Your body acts as a living capacitor, able to absorb energy of any kind and store it for later use. You can channel the stored energy however you please, whether to empower your strikes, fuel other abilities, or release it in a single devastating discharge. Storage capacity scales with your training.
1239. Caprine Monster Physiology,4.0
#You are or can transform into a caprine monster, a terrifying hybrid beast combining the worst qualities of goats with nightmarish proportions. Enhanced physical abilities, curling horns capable of shattering stone, and an unsettling stare are standard issue.
1240. Caprine Physiology,2.6
#You are or can transform into a caprine, a goat, sheep, ibex, or musk ox. You gain their sure-footedness on treacherous terrain, powerful ramming horns, and surprisingly tough constitution. Partial transformation lets you keep your hands while getting the horns and hooves.
1241. Carabidae Physiology,2.2
#You are or can transform into a ground beetle, either partially or fully. You gain a reinforced carapace, powerful mandibles, and the ability to spray defensive chemicals from your abdomen. Be careful around bigger creatures and anyone with Insect Manipulation.
1242. Carangiformes Physiology,2.1
#You are or can transform into a carangiformes fish such as a cobia, jack, remora, or dolphinfish. You become a fast open-water swimmer, and remora-type users gain a suction disc on their head that can latch onto almost any large surface for a free ride.
1243. Carbuncle Physiology,3.5
#You are or can transform into a carbuncle, a small South American cryptid with a glowing red gem set into its forehead. The gem is said to bring immense fortune to whoever claims it, and you can shutter it with a natural lid when you want to hide. Being small has its usual disadvantages, but you are incredibly lucky.
1244. Card Empowerment,2.8
#Being near cards makes you stronger, faster and more durable, and may unlock other card-related abilities as you grow in affinity. Strong users can even draw sustenance from cards or slow their own aging, provided they keep a healthy deck nearby.
1245. Card Immunity,2.2
#You are completely immune to cards and card-based powers, direct or indirect. A lifesaver against a Card Magic user and essentially worthless against anyone else.
1246. Card Mimicry,2.7
#You can transform part or all of your body into cards, either retaining your anatomy or becoming homogeneous card matter. In card form you are subject to everything that would damage normal cards, including water and fire.
1247. Cardboard Mimicry,1.6
#You can transform part or all of your body into cardboard, a slightly more durable alternative to paper or card. Slightly better against blunt impact than Card Mimicry, still ruined by a rainstorm.
1248. Carnivorous Horse Physiology,4.2
#Greek Mythology - You are or can transform into a flesh-eating horse like the Mares of Diomedes, possessing enhanced strength, speed and a taste for human meat. These creatures were legendary for their ferocity, and a pack of them is considerably more dangerous than a lone one.
1249. Carnivorous Plant Physiology,4.1
#Your body is made of carnivorous plant matter, allowing you to transform fully or partially into a flytrap, sundew, pitcher plant or fantastical variant. You can sprout snapping jaws and digestive sacs from your form, but you may slow down and require sunlight or water to sustain yourself.
1250. Carnosaur Physiology,4.6
#You possess the traits and biology of carnosaurs, the large predatory dinosaurs of the Jurassic and Cretaceous. You gain immense physical strength, terrifying jaws, razor claws and the predatory instincts of an apex hunter, and can transform fully into a carnosaur if you wish.
1251. Carpet Mimicry,2.2
#You can transform your body into a carpet, either fully or partially, allowing you to lie flat and unnoticed or smother targets under your woven form. Vulnerable to fire, moths, and being vacuumed.
1252. Carrot Mimicry,1.6
#You can transform your body into a carrot or a bundle of carrots, either retaining your anatomy as orange root vegetable or dispersing into homogeneous carrot matter. Extremely vulnerable to being eaten, especially by rabbits.
1253. Cartoon Dragon Physiology,5.2
#You are or can transform into a cartoon dragon, combining the fearsome physical traits of a draconic form with the absurd elasticity, immortality and physics-defying antics of a toon. You breathe fire that squashes and stretches like a gag, and shrug off anvils with a comedic bounce.
1254. Cartoon Immortality,6.5
#You possess the unkillable nature of a cartoon character, recovering instantly from any harm no matter how absurd, from being flattened by a steamroller to falling off a cliff. Even if you somehow die, you return as a ghost and climb back into your body, though you still feel pain and indignity along the way.
1255. Cartoon Machine Physiology,5.1
#You either are or can transform into a cartoon machine, combining mechanical form and function with the reality-bending logic of toon characters. Your gears squash and stretch, your bolts pop off in comedic ways and somehow you still work better than any real robot.
1256. Cartoon Mimicry,6.0
#You can transform completely into a cartoon character of any style, whether Western animation, anime, 3D CGI or anything in between. While in toon form you can break the laws of physics, stretch and squash your body, and become nearly impossible to kill, though some users struggle to return to their original form.
1257. Cash Mimicry,2.8
#Your body is made of paper money and can scatter into individual bills or reform into a single shape. You can sculpt extra limbs and weapons out of your cash form, but you are vulnerable to water, fire and wind like any ordinary banknote.
1258. Cassette Mimicry,2.7
#You can transform your body into a cassette, audiotape or cassette player, recording and playing back sounds through your own form. Sound Immunity and Sound Nullification are near-perfect counters, and your storage capacity limits how many tapes you can hold at once.
1259. Castorimorph Physiology,2.9
#You are or can transform into a castorimorph, including beavers, pocket gophers and kangaroo rats. You gain powerful gnawing teeth, burrowing instincts, and in the case of beavers, remarkable engineering prowess with wood and water.
1260. Cat Monster Physiology,5.3
#You are or can transform into a monstrous feline, a grimalkin or caterwaul, drawing on the many forms of supernatural cats from folklore and pop culture. Your exact abilities depend on the kind of cat monster you embody, but all variants possess fearsome physical prowess and an aura of dread befitting the beast.
1261. Cat Sìth Physiology,5.5
#You are or can transform into a Cat Sìth, a fae black cat with a white chest spot from Celtic mythology. You are intelligent, can speak and walk on two legs in silence, and can steal the souls of the recently dead by passing over their corpse before burial. On Samhain your power peaks.
1262. Catapult Mimicry,2.5
#You can transform your body into a catapult, either retaining your anatomy in siege engine form or becoming homogeneous catapult matter. You can launch objects, projectiles, or even parts of yourself at distant targets with tremendous force.
1263. Caterpillar Physiology,2.1
#You are or can transform into a caterpillar, the larval stage of lepidoptera. You are slow and soft-bodied, but you can climb almost any surface, chew through plant matter with ease, and one day may metamorphose into something far grander.
1264. Caterpillarfolk Physiology,2.8
#You are or can transform into a caterpillarfolk, a humanoid caterpillar hybrid. You gain enhanced climbing, sticky feet, and the ability to produce silk from your body. Given enough time and a safe place, you can even cocoon yourself to heal grievous wounds.
1265. Catoblepas Physiology,5.2
#You are or can transform into a Catoblepas, a buffalo-bodied beast with a boar-like head too heavy to lift. Your bronze-scaled hide shrugs off most attacks, and your gaze and breath are lethal to any who meet them, petrifying or outright killing weaker beings. The trouble is actually aiming that head.
1266. Catwere Physiology,2.9
#You are a catwere, a cat that transforms into a human or a human-feline hybrid. In your feline form you are a perfectly ordinary housecat, but in your other shapes you retain the reflexes, senses, and instincts of a cat.
1267. Caudata Physiology,2.2
#You are or can transform into a salamander or salamander-like creature. You gain incredible regeneration of limbs and organs, moist permeable skin, and the ability to breathe underwater.
1268. Caudataoid Physiology,3.0
#You are or can transform into a humanoid salamander, newt, axolotl, or similar amphibian hybrid. Your regeneration is top tier, being able to regrow entire limbs in minutes, and you are equally at home on land or underwater.
1269. Cave Mimicry,3.1
#Your body takes on the traits of a cave, your flesh becoming rough stone, your insides a hollow echoing space that can shelter others within you. You are incredibly durable and resistant, but you may have difficulty moving.
1270. Ccoa Physiology,6.2
#You are or can transform into a Ccoa, a massive divine feline from Quechua myth. You can fly with ease, generate lightning from your eyes, spit hail, urinate rain, and cause both solar and lunar eclipses. You answer to no one but the higher Apus, though proper offerings may sway you.
1271. Cecaelia Physiology,3.5
#You are or can transform into a cecaelia, a merfolk variant with a humanoid upper body and an octopus lower half. Your tentacles are strong, dexterous, and numerous, and you are a powerful swimmer, but on land you are clumsy and slow.
1272. Celebration Embodiment,5.7
#You are the living embodiment of parties, festivals, and celebrations. Wherever you go a celebration follows, drawing people into joy and revelry that you can shape to your whims. You might get carried away, and a party you start may rage out of your control.
1273. Celedon Physiology,5.3
#Greek Mythology - You are or can transform into a Celedon, one of the Golden Charmers crafted by Hephaestus from pure gold for Apollo's temple at Delphi. Your body is living gold, strikingly beautiful, and your voice can enchant any who hear it. As an automaton-like being you cannot heal naturally and must consume gold to repair yourself.
1274. Cellular Consciousness,5.8
#Your mind is spread throughout your cellular makeup, giving you awareness and fine control at the cellular scale. You can consciously command every cell, organ and organelle in your body, coordinating processes that are normally automatic and performing operations impossible for ordinary minds.
1275. Cemetery Empowerment,3.5
#You become stronger, faster, and more durable while in cemeteries or burial grounds, and may unlock death-affinity abilities while standing among the dead. Some users draw sustenance from the graves themselves and slow their aging as long as the dead are near.
1276. Centaur Physiology,3.8
#You are or can transform into a centaur, bearing the upper body of a human and the lower body of a horse. You possess great physical strength, endurance, and speed, along with a proud warrior's disposition — and a tendency toward drinking, if you lean into the original myths.
1277. Center of Mass Defiance,3.3
#You can ignore your own center of mass, granting you extraordinary balance, the ability to move while unstable, and resistance to being toppled. Walking remains level no matter the terrain, and you can alter your own trajectory mid-motion.
1278. Center of Mass Infringement,3.6
#You can violate your own center of mass without any visible change to your body, infringing upon physical laws in subtle, invisible ways. To outside observers you look perfectly normal, yet you can perform feats of balance and motion that ought to be impossible.
1279. Centipede Physiology,3.0
#You are or can transform into a centipede, gaining their many-legged resilience, venomous bite, and segmented body. You may be able to split individual body parts or multiply into several smaller forms.
1280. Cephalopod Physiology,3.4
#You are or can transform into a cephalopod such as an octopus, squid, cuttlefish, or nautilus. You gain boneless flexibility, ink discharge, incredible camouflage, and the ability to squeeze through impossibly tight spaces.
1281. Cephalopodoid Physiology,3.6
#You are or can take on the form of a cephalopodoid, a humanoid cephalopod creature that stalks fantasy settings. Combines the dexterity of human form with tentacled appendages, ink, and aquatic adaptation.
1282. Cephalothorax Physiology,2.2
#You are or can transform into a cephalothorax — a walking, waddling head with limbs directly attached. Surprisingly mobile for an entity with no torso, and you never have to worry about back pain.
1283. Ceratopsid Physiology,3.4
#You are or can transform into a ceratopsid dinosaur, gaining the massive frilled skull, horns, and tank-like body of a triceratops or its kin. Charge through anything that stands in your way.
1284. Cerberus Physiology,5.4
#Greek Myth - You are or can transform into Cerberus, the three-headed hound of Hades and guardian of the Underworld. You possess immense physical power, demonic durability, and the presence of a creature meant to hold souls back from the living world. Size optional, menace mandatory.
1285. Cereal Mimicry,1.6
#Your body is made of or can transform into cereal of any kind. You retain your anatomy but are soggy in milk and crunchy under pressure. Try not to get eaten.
1286. Cervid Physiology,2.8
#You possess the traits and abilities of cervids, able to partially or fully transform into a deer, elk, moose or reindeer. Enhanced agility, powerful legs, antlers for defense and a stronger connection to forests.
1287. Cervine Monster Physiology,4.2
#You are or can transform into a cervine monster, a twisted horror of antler and hoof. Your strength and ferocity far exceeds a normal deer, with monstrous physical stats and an unsettling presence. Watch out for Monster Slayers.
1288. Cetacean Physiology,3.0
#You are or can transform into a cetacean - whale, dolphin or porpoise - either partially or fully. You gain incredible aquatic prowess, echolocation and the raw mass of whatever cetacean you pick. Needs water to be useful.
1289. Cetaceanoid Physiology,3.3
#You are a cetaceanoid, a humanoid cetacean hybrid. You possess the physical prowess and aquatic adaptations of a whale or dolphin while retaining a humanoid form, able to walk on land and swim with equal grace.
1290. Chain Mimicry,3.7
#Your body is made of or can transform into chains. You can unravel your limbs into whirling links to extend your reach, entangle enemies or slip through small gaps. Reverting back to your original form may not always be possible.
1291. Chainsaw Mimicry,2.6
#You can transform into a chainsaw or partially take on chainsaw anatomy. Your body roars to life as a mechanical cutting tool, able to rend flesh and wood alike. Hopefully you like the noise.
1292. Chakra Empowerment,4.8
#Your physical and supernatural capabilities are amplified by the opened chakra points along your spine. The more chakras you develop and open, the stronger you become, unlocking abilities tied to each chakra's affinity. Fully opening all seven could even slow your aging.
1293. Chameleon Physiology,2.7
#Your physiology is that of a chameleon. You can freely alter your skin's color and pattern to blend into your surroundings, your eyes can move independently for a 360-degree field of vision, and you possess a long prehensile tongue.
1294. Chameleonic Nature,3.3
#You are a natural at blending in, whether that be through altering your appearance, your mannerisms, or your presence. You can slip into any social situation unnoticed and your body subtly shifts to match your surroundings, making you very difficult to track or spot.
1295. Change Empowerment,4.6
#You become stronger, faster and more durable the more change occurs around you, whether it be the change of the seasons, your own transformations, or the shifting of the world itself. In a static environment you are merely human, but in times of upheaval you are unstoppable.
1296. Chanting Empowerment,3.8
#You become stronger, faster and more durable from the cheering, chanting and applause of others. A small crowd gives you a noticeable boost, but a stadium full of screaming fans could turn you into a walking titan. You are at your weakest when no one is paying attention.
1297. Chaos Adaptation,4.7
#You are able to survive and adapt to any chaotic environment, from worlds with constantly shifting space-time laws to dimensions of pure discord. Your body and mind adjust on the fly to whatever randomness is thrown at you, rendering you immune to the disorienting effects of chaos itself.
1298. Chaos Derivation,9.2
#You are the source from which all chaos, strife, discord and havoc flow across the cosmos. Every act of disorder, every broken law, every moment of mayhem in all of existence originates from you. Should you ever die without passing on the source, all chaos in reality would cease, and reality itself would collapse from the absence.
1299. Chaos Empowerment,4.6
#You become stronger, faster and more durable the more chaos surrounds you. A calm orderly day leaves you unremarkable, but a riot, a war, or a full-on apocalyptic event turns you into a nightmare. Users of Order Manipulation are your greatest weakness.
1300. Chaos Heart,6.0
#Your heart is infused with the essence of pure chaos, granting you immortality through constant regeneration from almost any wound as well as the ability to manipulate chaotic energies for a wide variety of feats. If your heart is ever destroyed, however, it will release all of its stored chaos in a catastrophic explosion.
1301. Chaos Immunity,5.4
#You are completely immune to anything that can be considered chaotic, from chaotic influences to beings to essences. Disorder cannot touch you, although neutral or orderly things can still harm you normally. Your fundamental incompatibility with chaos means you stand as a pillar of stability no matter the madness around you.
1302. Chaos Mimicry,6.3
#Your body is made of chaos itself, whether fully formed or as a homogeneous mass of disorder flowing through flesh. You gain potent chaotic abilities and your form is difficult to pin down or harm conventionally. Takes time to fully master control over your own unstable essence.
1303. Chaos Power Link,5.4
#Your chaotic nature is linked directly to your powers, fueling and amplifying them through discord. The more unstable you are, the stronger your abilities become, but this goes both ways - if your chaos spirals out of control, so do your powers.
1304. Characteristic Power Reflection,4.0
#Your powers reflect your personality, traits, and desires. The lonely may turn invisible, the regretful may rewind time, the proud may grow untouchable. As your inner self shifts, so do your abilities, which means your weaknesses may also be reflected and amplified.
1305. Chaste Power,4.1
#Your powers are bound to your personal chastity, the longer you remain pure the stronger you become, potentially reaching divine levels of strength at the pinnacle of your abstinence. Engaging in intimate activities can weaken or completely strip away your powers, so expect people to try and seduce or assault you for the sake of sabotage.
1306. Chastity Empowerment,3.6
#You grow stronger, faster and more durable from the chastity of yourself and others, with prolonged abstinence unlocking new abilities and even slowing your aging. The stress of resisting temptation may be considerable, and users of Sexual or Desire Inducement can corrupt your innocence.
1307. Cheek Pouch Protrusion,2.3
#You possess large cheek pouches like a hamster or chipmunk, allowing you to store weapons, tools, food and various objects inside them and retrieve them when needed. Limited by how much your cheeks can actually stretch without giving you lockjaw.
1308. Cheering Empowerment,3.5
#You grow stronger, faster and more durable the more you are cheered for by spectators and fans, with enough cheering you can even unlock more powerful forms or heal yourself. Useless when nobody's watching, but devastating when you have a crowd on your side.
1309. Cheese Mimicry,3.2
#Your body is made of cheese, or you can transform into cheese at will. You can become homogeneous dairy or retain your anatomical shape, though either way you are vulnerable to mold and intense heat will melt you into a puddle of fondue.
1310. Cheetah Physiology,3.3
#Allows you to transform partially or fully into a cheetah, gaining the immense running speed, agility and predatory instincts of the world's fastest land animal. Your sprinting speed is unmatched though your endurance at full tilt is limited.
1311. Chemical Empowerment,3.9
#You grow stronger, faster and more durable when in contact with chemicals, with prolonged exposure unlocking new abilities and even slowing your aging. Overuse may induce dependency or addiction, turning your empowerment into a chemical hunger.
1312. Chemical Reaction Immunity,3.6
#You are immune to the effects of chemical reactions. Acids do not burn you, poisons do not poison you, fire does not oxidize your flesh. Your body simply refuses to partake in the chemistry happening around it.
1313. Chemical Repository,3.0
#Your body stores a variety of foreign chemicals and drugs within it, which you can draw upon at will. You are immune to whatever you carry inside you, and can secrete, exhale or inject them through contact as needed.
1314. Cherry Mimicry,2.3
#You are made of cherries, or can transform your body into cherries at will. Depending on your level, you retain your organs as cherry-flesh or become homogeneous fruit matter. Bite-sized and vulnerable, but strangely charming.
1315. Cherub Physiology,7.6
#You are a Cherub, a biblical angel of the higher choirs, possessing four faces and four wings and immense divine authority. Your body radiates holy power, your presence demands awe, and you can channel sacred flame and judgment. Vulnerable to Angel Slayers.
1316. Cherufe Physiology,6.5
#You are a Cherufe, a near-apocalyptic demonic giant of Mapuche folklore dwelling in volcanoes, your body made of magma, crystal and rock. You can trigger eruptions, earthquakes, and untold destruction. Your wrath may be temporarily soothed by sacrifice, and slayers of giants or demons can wound you.
1317. Cheshire Cat Physiology,5.2
#Alice in Wonderland - You are a Cheshire Cat, capable of vanishing part or all of your body at will, leaving only your grin behind. You possess uncanny agility, riddling intelligence, and the unsettling ability to appear wherever you please with a smile that lingers after you leave.
1318. Cheval Mallet Physiology,5.0
#You are a Cheval Mallet, a demonic horse of French folklore that appears as a strikingly beautiful steed at night to lure travelers, who are then carried off never to return. Your beauty is hypnotic, your speed supernatural, and your intent rarely kind. Warded off by holy relics such as the medal of St. Benedict.
1319. Chi Durability,3.4
#Your body is passively reinforced by your own chi, making you far tougher than an ordinary person of your build. The more chi you have, the more punishment you can soak, though durability negation and chi inhibitors are still hard counters.
1320. Chi Empowerment,3.6
#You grow stronger, faster, and tougher the more you come into contact with chi, whether from your own reserves or absorbing from the environment. With enough saturation you may slow your aging, draw sustenance from chi alone, or unlock dormant abilities.
1321. Chi Entity Physiology,5.3
#You are a being whose very existence is woven from and tied to chi itself. You can manipulate chi in all its forms, access a wide range of chi-based abilities, and your physiology is as much spiritual as it is physical. The downside is that hostile chi manipulators can target you directly.
1322. Chicken Monster Physiology,2.8
#You are or can transform into a chicken monster, a grotesque fowl-shaped creature with enhanced size, strength and savagery. You remain vulnerable to monster slayers and the usual hunters of twisted beasts.
1323. Chicken Physiology,1.4
#You are or can transform into a chicken. Clucking, pecking, flapping uselessly, laying the occasional egg. A rooster form may come with more aggression, a hen form with more eggs.
1324. Chiko Physiology,6.5
#You are a chiko, a nogitsune, the most powerful and wicked rank an evil kitsune can achieve. You possess a wide array of dark fox-spirit powers and a deeply cruel streak, though rituals, prayers and Shinto charms made to ward off evil spirits can still bind or banish you.
1325. Chimera Physiology,5.1
#You are or can transform into a chimera of Greek myth, a ferocious hybrid of lion, goat and snake with a devastating fire breath. Your physical stats are pushed well beyond human limits and your multiple heads grant you incredible perception and versatility in battle.
1326. Chimpanzee Physiology,2.1
#You are or can transform into a chimpanzee, gaining their superior climbing ability, raw arm strength and surprising intelligence. Hope you like bananas.
1327. Chinchilla Physiology,1.2
#You are or can transform into a chinchilla. Extremely fluffy, very cute, and you can jump surprisingly high, but good luck fighting anything bigger than a housecat.
1328. Chindi Physiology,5.4
#You are or can transform into a Chindi, a demonic spirit from Navajo mythology formed from the collected evil of the dead. You ride dust devils, inflict terrible diseases and misfortune with a touch, and your malevolent presence alone can wither the living. Vulnerable to Navajo rituals and relics.
1329. Chip Mimicry,1.4
#Your body is made of or can transform entirely into chips. You retain your shape and anatomy, but you are now edible, crunchy, and vulnerable to hungry opponents and anyone with rot inducement.
1330. Chipmunk Physiology,1.1
#You are or can transform into a chipmunk. Small, quick, cheek pouches full of nuts, and about as threatening as you'd expect.
1331. Chloro-Mechanical Physiology,5.3
#You are or can become a chloro-mechanical being, a robotic construct fused with plant-life. You possess a wide range of plant-based abilities channelled through mechanical systems, combining the regeneration of flora with the precision and durability of machinery.
1332. Chochin-Obake Physiology,1.4
#You are a Chōchin-obake, a paper lantern yokai that awakened after growing old. You are mostly harmless but excel at scaring unsuspecting humans with a flickering flame and a long lolling tongue.
1333. Chochin-bi Physiology,2.1
#You are a Chōchin-bi, a floating ball of ghostly fire said to drift along the footpaths between rice fields. You can vanish the moment mortals approach and relight yourself elsewhere, a trickster flame born of kitsune and tanuki mischief.
1334. Chocolate Empowerment,3.2
#Eating chocolate makes you stronger, faster, and more durable, and may unlock latent abilities tied to cocoa. You can draw full sustenance from chocolate alone and, with enough of it, slow or even halt your aging.
1335. Chocolate Mimicry,3.5
#Your body is made of chocolate, or you can transform it into chocolate at will. You can shift between an anatomically identical chocolate form and a homogeneous cocoa mass, but you are edible, sensitive to heat, and vulnerable to blunt attacks that can chip and break you.
1336. Chordeva Physiology,3.9
#You are a Chordeva, a demonic cat-witch from folklore that preys upon the old, sick, and dying. You possess feline grace, vampiric hunger, and the cruelty of a wicked witch, but sunlight, wooden stakes, and running water will undo you.
1337. Chort Physiology,4.1
#You are a Chort, a Slavic demon that traffics in wishes and stolen souls. You are crafty and powerful enough to build a castle in a single night, though clever heroes can trick you into doing their bidding, and holy rituals and relics will harm you greatly.
1338. Chronoscience,7.8
#You possess comprehensive knowledge of time and all of its intricacies. Every secret of temporal phenomena is laid bare to you, from how time flows to everything encapsulated within it. Your omniscience is limited to things relating to space-time and may be confined to a specific timeline or universe.
1339. Chrysomallos Physiology,5.2
#Greek Mythology - You are or can transform into Chrysomallos, the golden winged ram whose fleece became the legendary Golden Fleece. You possess flight, incredible durability in your golden coat, and the divine aura of a creature gifted by Hermes himself.
1340. Chthoniscience,7.4
#You know everything about the underworld, the netherworlds, and all the undergrounds. Every secret of the realms of the dead, every soul that dwells there, and every law that governs them is laid bare to you. Your omniscience is strictly limited to the underworld and things related to it.
1341. Chupacabra Physiology,3.6
#You are or can transform into a chupacabra, a reptilian-dog hybrid cryptid with leathery gray skin, spines down its back, a forked tongue and glowing red eyes. You have enhanced predatory senses, fangs capable of draining blood, and leave a sulfuric stench in your wake.
1342. Church Grim Physiology,4.7
#You are or can transform into a church grim, a hellhound-like guardian spirit of cemeteries and churches. You possess ghostly powers, supernatural strength, and a terrifying presence that wards off thieves, witches and even the devil. You cannot leave the grounds you are bound to.
1343. Churel Physiology,4.4
#You are or can transform into a Churel, a vengeful female revenant from Hindu folklore. You can shift between hideous and alluring forms to lure men, drain their life-force, and reduce them to frail old men. You may be warded off by certain rituals and relics of Indian tradition.
1344. Cicada Physiology,2.2
#You are or can transform into a cicada, or other related hoppers like leafhoppers and treehoppers. You gain their piercing song, hopping ability, and chitinous exoskeleton. Unfortunately you also inherit their vulnerability to birds, spiders and pesticides.
1345. Ciconiiform Physiology,2.3
#You are or can transform into a stork, gaining flight, long legs and a powerful beak. A decent utility pick if you enjoy wading through marshes or delivering babies.
1346. Cigarette Mimicry,1.4
#You are or can transform your body into cigarettes. In this form you retain your shape and organs, but you are made of tobacco and paper which makes you extremely flammable. A very niche ability unless you enjoy the smell of nicotine.
1347. Cinnamon Mimicry,1.8
#You are or can transform your body into cinnamon, either retaining your anatomy or becoming homogeneous spice matter. The type of cinnamon you are made of varies, and you are edible, sensitive to heat, and vulnerable to strong winds.
1348. Cipactli Physiology,6.0
#Aztec Mythology - You are or can transform into Cipactli, the primordial sea monster that is part crocodile, part fish and part toad. Every joint on your body has an extra hungry mouth, granting you immense destructive power and an insatiable appetite that can consume almost anything.
1349. Circulatory Armor,3.5
#Your circulatory system is reinforced with supernatural armor, drastically increasing the durability of your veins, arteries and heart. This grants you great resistance against internal attacks, blood manipulation, poisons and even mental powers that route through your brain's blood supply.
1350. Classical Element Empowerment,3.8
#You become stronger, faster and more durable when you come in contact with the classical elements. Standing in a forest, near a river or under the open sky gives you power, but being empowered by one element may leave you vulnerable to its opposite.
1351. Claw Retraction,2.8
#You have razor-sharp claws of bone, keratin, metal or energy that can be projected from your fingertips, wrists or even feet at will. Retracting them cleanly takes practice and they may interfere with fine manual tasks.
1352. Clay Mimicry,3.6
#Your body is made of or can transform completely into clay. Semi-solid clay can absorb attacks and enemies alike and is nearly impossible to hurt, while dry clay is hard and brittle. Your abilities shift based on how much moisture you are holding.
1353. Clean Activity,1.6
#You can move, fight and perform tasks without ever leaving a mess behind. No mud tracked through the house, no knocked over vases, no splattered blood on your clothes. A blessing for assassins and toddlers alike.
1354. Cleanliness Empowerment,2.6
#You become stronger, faster and tougher in clean environments. A freshly mopped floor or a hot shower is enough to give you a noticeable boost, and a sterile operating room would let you throw cars. Filthy environments do nothing for you and may even weaken you.
1355. Clear Mind,5.2
#Your mind has reached a state of total clarity, the Meikyo Shisui of legend. You are unaffected by emotional manipulation, fear, rage or confusion, and your awareness and reaction time are at their absolute peak. The downside is that prolonged use may dull your emotions and slowly erode what makes you human.
1356. Clear Sight,4.1
#Your eyes pierce through all illusions, glamours and disguises of the supernatural. Shapeshifters, invisible spirits, false images and magical concealment are all laid bare to you, and you can perceive the true nature, age, gender and species of anything you look at. Does not protect you from mundane deception.
1357. Climate Empowerment,3.0
#You grow stronger, faster and more durable while inside a specific climate. Whether that is tropical, arctic, arid or temperate is determined at the moment of activation. Within your climate you may even draw vitality from the very air around you.
1358. Clock Mimicry,3.3
#Allows you to transform your body partially or fully into clocks. Your clock-form has all the same organs and functions but is made of ticking, whirring timepieces. Somewhat vulnerable to impact but surprisingly hard to kill.
1359. Clockwork Physiology,3.9
#Your body is a clockwork mechanism of springs, gears and intricate moving parts. You do not need food or air, only a source of power, whether that's a wind-up key, a battery or, for the masters, perpetual motion. Your movements can be smooth or jerky depending on your design and maintenance.
1360. Cloth Mimicry,3.1
#Allows you to transform your body into cloth, either maintaining your human shape as a walking soft-sculpture or becoming a homogeneous mass of fabric. You retain all your organs and functions but are vulnerable to anything that would threaten normal cloth — fire, shears, moths.
1361. Clothing Consumption,1.6
#You can eat and digest clothing to sustain yourself and fuel your powers. Silk tastes decent, denim is chewy, and a cheap polyester shirt tastes about as bad as you would expect. If you stop eating fabric, you starve.
1362. Clothing Empowerment,2.8
#You gain strength from the articles of clothing you wear, be it hats, gloves, shirts or coats. The more you wear, the stronger you become, but strip you naked and you are left as weak as an ordinary person.
1363. Cloud Mimicry,4.2
#Your body is made of or can transform entirely into clouds, becoming a drifting mass of water vapor. In this form you are hard to pin down but extremely delicate to concentrated impact, and strong winds may scatter you if you are not careful.
1364. Clouded Leopard Physiology,3.2
#You either are or can transform into a clouded leopard, either partially or fully. As a clouded leopard, you gain a stealthy frame, powerful climbing ability, exceptional agility in trees and the longest canines of any modern feline relative to body size.
1365. Clouded Mind,4.5
#Your mind is the dark counterpart to a Clear Mind, with every thought and action deeply intertwined with your emotions. Hesitation is gone, and raw emotional intensity fuels your abilities with unwavering resolve. The downside is obvious: a clouded mind fogs reason, and you may lose yourself to your stronger feelings.
1366. Clubbed Tail,2.7
#You possess a tail tipped with a heavy club of bone or keratin that you can swing as a brutal blunt weapon. Capable of crushing armour and breaking bones with a single sweep, though if your tail is removed, the ability goes with it.
1367. Clupeiform Physiology,1.5
#You either are or can transform into a clupeiform, the order of fish that includes herrings, anchovies and sardines. You gain the ability to swim in massive coordinated schools, which is useful if there happen to be dozens of you around.
1368. Clurichaun Physiology,3.2
#You are or can transform into a Clurichaun, the drunken goblin-kin of the Leprechaun. You possess minor fairy magic, surprising strength for your size, and a supernatural knack for tormenting thieves and cellar-owners. Vulnerable to iron and religious icons, and you are a hopeless drunk.
1369. Cnidarian Physiology,3.0
#You possess the traits of cnidarians such as jellyfish, coral and anemones. You can sting with neurotoxins, regenerate fragments of yourself, and partially or fully transform into a gelatinous, near-transparent medusa form that drifts through water with ease.
1370. Cnidarianoid Physiology,3.3
#You are a cnidarianoid, a humanoid hybrid of human and jellyfish or coral. You keep your shape and intellect while gaining stinging tendrils, semi-translucent flesh, and an amphibious body suited for deep water as much as dry land.
1371. Coal Mimicry,2.7
#Your body is made of or can transform into coal. You are tougher than flesh and resistant to blunt trauma, but slow-moving and flammable - prolonged fire will burn you down like any other lump of fuel.
1372. Coati Physiology,2.1
#You can transform fully or partially into a coati. You gain their agile climbing, sharp claws, a flexible snout capable of sniffing out food or hidden things, and the mischievous cleverness of the hog-nosed coon.
1373. Coblynau Physiology,2.9
#You are or can transform into a Coblynau, the helpful Welsh mine gnome. You possess a sharp instinct for finding ores and gems, enhanced durability for rockfalls, and a friendly supernatural aura. You grow weak and sickly when kept too long from underground places.
1374. Coccinellidae Physiology,2.0
#You can transform fully or partially into a ladybug. You gain a hard protective shell, the ability to shrink to insect size, functional wings, and the good-luck aura traditionally attached to the ladybird across many cultures.
1375. Cockatrice Physiology,4.6
#You are or can transform into a Cockatrice, a two-legged dragon-serpent with a rooster's head. Your gaze, touch, and breath can kill, and you possess a potent venom. Be wary of mirrors and the crowing of real roosters - both can spell your death.
1376. Cockroach Monster Physiology,4.1
#You can transform into a towering cockroach monster. Your chitin is absurdly durable, you can survive in hostile environments that would kill almost anything, and your regeneration is horrifying. In this form you inspire revulsion that borders on a weaponized aura.
1377. Coco Physiology,4.5
#You are or can transform into the Coco, the demonic boogeyman of Latino folklore. You can sense fear from afar, stalk targets unseen, and deliver gruesome punishments in the dark. Your strength scales with the fear you invoke and wanes when no one believes in you.
1378. Coconut Mimicry,1.8
#Your body takes on the traits of a coconut, gaining a shell so hard it can shrug off blunt force and a nourishing interior. You can roll, float, and survive enormous drops unscathed, although a hard enough strike still cracks you open.
1379. Coffee Mimicry,2.4
#Your body is made of or can transform into coffee. You can shift between bean, grounds and liquid states, slip through narrow gaps as hot brew, and reform from any spilled drop. Drinkable in a pinch, which is a real concern.
1380. Coffin Mimicry,2.6
#Your body is made of or can transform into a coffin. You gain the durability of whatever material your coffin is made of and can swallow enemies into yourself for burial. You may become inanimate while transformed and share all the weaknesses of a normal casket.
1381. Cogno-Active Blood,5.5
#Your bloodstream is flush with billions of cog-and-gear micro-robotic drones that reinforce and rebuild your body from within. Wounds are stitched with retromechanical engineering, your bones are braced by hidden gearwork, and the drones adapt and grow with every new trauma they survive.
1382. Coin Mimicry,3.5
#You can transform your body fully or partially into coins, gaining the durability and endurance of metal. You can also break yourself down into a pile of scattered coins, though returning to your normal form may be difficult for new users.
1383. Cold Embodiment,7.3
#You are the personification of cold itself within your reality. Your control over coldness is limitless, reaching from simple chills to the absolute zero that silences molecules. Heat is your only true enemy.
1384. Cold Empowerment,3.6
#You grow stronger, faster and more durable in the presence of cold, with frigid environments unlocking and amplifying your powers. In a deep winter or arctic climate you may even draw sustenance from the chill and slow your own aging.
1385. Cold Immunity,2.6
#You are immune to cold. No matter how frigid the environment or how intense the freezing attack, your body temperature holds steady and cold-based illnesses have no effect on you. Physical impacts from ice still hurt though.
1386. Cold Mimicry,4.6
#Your body is made of or can transform into cold itself. In this state, your cells and bones are fortified by the freezing energy flowing through them, and attacks pass through you like a winter wind. Energy drain is devastating to you.
1387. Cold Presence,2.7
#You passively project a field of cold around you, lowering the ambient temperature and creating a constant chill wherever you go. Useful for cooling drinks and intimidating enemies, but turning it off can be tricky.
1388. Cold Resistance,2.1
#You are highly resistant to cold temperatures, able to walk through blizzards in light clothing and operate in freezing conditions without issue. Not outright immune, however — extreme enough cold can still get to you.
1389. Cold Symbiosis,4.7
#You host a cold-based entity inside your body, an embodiment or spirit of freezing temperatures that grants you potent cryokinetic abilities in exchange for sharing your form. The entity may try to take over during moments of weakness, and wielding its power can damage you.
1390. Collective Intelligence,3.1
#Your intelligence scales with how many people are near you, usually of the same species. Alone you might be dim, but in a crowded city your mind operates at genius levels. Isolation is your greatest weakness.
1391. Collective Shadow,7.0
#You are the embodiment of the collective evils of a society, nation, or the entire world, a living manifestation of humanity's darkest impulses. You gain the traits and aspects of absolute evil, wielding the accumulated malevolence of dictatorships, genocides, and atrocities as raw power. Hope and acceptance weaken you.
1392. Collective Strength,3.2
#Your physical strength grows the more people are near you, especially those of the same species. Alone you are average, but in a crowd you could lift cars. Your strength is tied to your companions.
1393. Color Embodiment,5.7
#You are the living embodiment of color itself, the attribute born from light reflecting, transmitting, and emitting at various wavelengths. You wield chromatic power at a conceptual level, though you may be useless against shades not considered true colors like black, white, or grey.
1394. Color Empowerment,3.0
#Being near colors makes you stronger, faster, and more durable, and may unlock color-related abilities the longer you stay exposed. Advanced users can even draw sustenance from colors and slow their aging.
1395. Color Mimicry,4.1
#Your body can become pure color, including hues outside the human visible spectrum. In this form your anatomy is preserved but flows with chromatic essence, fortifying your cells and bones while letting you shift shade at will.
1396. Colt Pixie Physiology,3.1
#You are or can transform into a Colt Pixie, a scruffy pale horse carrying the magic of the fae. You possess equine grace with mischievous pixie nature, and can lead travelers astray with will-o'-the-wisp trickery.
1397. Columbiform Physiology,2.3
#Allows you to transform into or mimic the traits of doves and pigeons. You gain flight, an uncanny sense of direction, and the strange ability to be ignored in most urban settings.
1398. Combat Embodiment,8.3
#You are the concept of combat itself in every form - mental, physical, spiritual and conceptual. You are supremely skilled in every fighting style, every weapon, every strategy and tactic of war, and you can control how conflict itself progresses. May come with violent outbursts and battle-lust.
1399. Combat Immunity,6.3
#You are immune to combat directed at you - not just physical attacks, but the very act of fighting you. Combat-based powers slide off, battle-forms fail, and even abilities like combat merging find no purchase. May be limited to certain forms of combat.
1400. Combative Evolution,6.5
#You evolve through combat. The more battles you experience, the more your body advances to its next evolutionary stage, granting you a new form, new physiology, and new abilities each time, all oriented toward greater combat skill. A lifetime of battles could take you from human to something entirely inhuman.
1401. Combative Luck,5.0
#Your luck applies specifically to combat. In any fight, fortune favors you and your allies at the perfect moments while misfortune plagues your enemies, making you the absolute worst person to pick a fight with. Outside of combat you are as lucky or unlucky as anyone else, and Luck Erasure can strip this protection away.
1402. Combative Transcendence,7.8
#You transcend your physical, mental, spiritual, and existential limitations through combat. Each time you lock horns with a worthy opponent, you ascend further, potentially from mortal to godlike and beyond. Each ascension grants you new abilities and transcendent combat skill, but you may develop a lust for combat, and Development Reset, Existence Grounding, or Status Elimination can tear the ladder out from under you.
1403. Combined Force Empowerment,4.5
#Your body drinks from two or more combined forces, becoming stronger, faster and more durable the deeper the combination runs. With enough affinity you may even slow your own aging by feeding on the mixture, though there is a ceiling to how much raw power you can pull before the forces start fraying you.
1404. Combined Force Mimicry,5.7
#Your body is made of two or more combined forces interwoven through your being, allowing you to shift between a normal anatomical form and a homogeneous mass of pure mixed energy. In your fully formed state you retain vulnerabilities, in your nigh-formed state the forces flow through you and injuries lose most of their meaning. Takes time to master the transition.
1405. Comfortable Activity,4.3
#Every movement and action you take becomes comfortable, leisurely and even fun, no matter how painful, difficult or exhausting it would be for anyone else. Running a marathon feels like a nap, swinging a warhammer feels like stretching, and at higher levels the ease itself can soothe pain and mend damage as you move.
1406. Comic Physics,6.3
#The laws of physics around you bend to match comic book conventions. You can see and interact with lettering, caption boxes and sound effects, break through panel gutters, and move between pages. Depending on which comic's rules you're mimicking, you may also inherit that comic's specific weaknesses, and bystanders may get pulled into the comic logic too.
1407. Companion Connection,4.8
#You share an unbreakable link with your companion, gaining strength and abilities through them, exchanging thoughts and emotions across any distance, and sensing their exact location and health. Your teamwork is supernaturally coordinated as if you move as one mind in two bodies.
1408. Compass Mimicry,1.4
#Your body becomes that of a living compass. You can transform any part of yourself into compass components, always know true north, and can reshape yourself into a functional navigational tool.
1409. Compassion Embodiment,6.6
#You are the living embodiment of compassion. You feed on the kindness of all living things, converting it into energy you can use to extend your lifespan or weaponize directly. You may never age, and are immune to death so long as compassion exists in the world. Destruction and Violence Embodiments are your natural predators.
1410. Compassion Empowerment,3.6
#You grow stronger, faster and more durable the more compassion surrounds you, whether your own or from others. A crowd of kindhearted people is a battery for you, and genuine acts of mercy unlock new heights in your existing abilities. Rage and Sadness Inducement can shut you down.
1411. Composite Activity,3.3
#You have a natural aptitude and build for every kind of physical activity. Weightlifting, acrobatics, martial arts, swimming, climbing, dancing, it does not matter what your frame looks like, you can do them all well. You are the person who picks up any sport and is immediately solid at it.
1412. Composite Alien Physiology,6.8
#Your body is a gestalt of alien beings, each contributing their energies, physiologies, and consciousnesses to your form. You can access the abilities and knowledge of every individual alien that makes you up, giving you a vast library of extraterrestrial powers and raw xeno energy. A walking one-person alien council.
1413. Composite Angel Physiology,7.3
#Your body is a gestalt of angelic beings, each lending their energies, powers, and knowledge to your form. You can access the abilities of every angel within you and draw from their collective divine wisdom and raw holy energy. You must maintain unity of purpose among them, or risk the celestial choir within you turning on itself.
1414. Composite Demon Physiology,7.2
#Your body is a gestalt of demonic beings, their energies and powers fused into your form. You wield the abilities of every demon within you and can draw on their collective infernal knowledge and raw demonic power. Keeping the fiends inside you in line is a constant struggle of wills.
1415. Composite Digital Entity Physiology,6.4
#Your body is a gestalt of digital entities and AIs, each contributing their code, knowledge, and abilities to your form. You possess raw digital energy and can access the combined processing power of every entity within you. EMPs are your kryptonite, but as long as there is a backup server somewhere, you can always come back.
1416. Composite Dragon Physiology,7.6
#Your body is a gestalt of dragons, each lending their scales, fire, wisdom, and raw draconic energy to your form. You access the abilities and hoarded knowledge of every dragon within you. Keeping dozens of proud wyrms cooperating inside one body is no small task, but the power you wield is genuinely legendary.
1417. Composite Fairy Physiology,6.6
#Your body is a gestalt of fairies, with their combined energies, magics, and knowledge flowing through you. You wield the abilities of every fae within you and access their collective arcane wisdom. Keeping a court of fairies unified inside one body requires constant diplomacy.
1418. Composite Machine Physiology,5.8
#You are or can become a composite machine, formed from the combination of several robots fused together. You gain the abilities of each machine, can combine their functions, and sometimes new powers emerge from their synergy. The parts must be compatible to merge, and your size can make fighting smaller opponents awkward.
1419. Composite Monster Physiology,5.6
#You are or can transform into a composite monster, a beast formed from the fusion of many individual monsters. You retain all the powers and abilities of the creatures that make you up, an amalgam of fangs, horns, venom, and terror. Specific anti-amalgam techniques can be devastating against you.
1420. Composite Organism Physiology,5.3
#Your body possesses traits from a mix of organisms, blending aspects of animals, plants, fungi, unicellular life, viruses and humans into a single form. These parts can come from extant, extinct, or even mythological species, turning you into a walking chimera of biology.
1421. Composite Spirit Physiology,6.7
#You are or can become a composite spirit, a soul that has merged with many others and retained the powers and consciousnesses of each. You wield the abilities of every ghost within you and can draw on their collective memories, though you must keep the spirits inside you cooperating or risk losing yourself.
1422. Composite Undead Physiology,6.5
#Your body is a gestalt of undead beings, their bones, rot, and necromantic energy fused into your form. You wield the abilities of every undead within you and can access the memories of their past lives. Your collective body can still rot and decay, and the dead inside you do not always want to cooperate.
1423. Compressability,2.6
#Your body is elastically compressible, allowing you to flatten, compact or squish yourself into smaller shapes without injury. Great for squeezing through vents and surviving blunt trauma. You cannot stretch, only shrink.
1424. Computer Anti-Virus Physiology,4.1
#You are a living antivirus program, capable of hunting down and purging computer viruses, malware and rogue programs from any system you interface with. Powerful enough viruses may still give you a run for your money, and you can theoretically be reprogrammed.
1425. Computer Mimicry,3.5
#Allows you to transform your body into a computer, either keeping your anatomical form but made of circuitry, or becoming a homogeneous computing mass. Vulnerable to EMPs, water and technology manipulators.
1426. Computer Perception,4.5
#Your mind processes information at the speed of a supercomputer, allowing you to analyze, calculate and extrapolate situations with terrifying speed and accuracy. Every conversation becomes a chess game you've already won.
1427. Computer Program Physiology,3.7
#You are or can become a living computer program, your body taking the form of executable code. You may find yourself bound by what you were originally programmed to do, and users of Programming can rewrite you.
1428. Computer Virus Physiology,4.8
#You are a living computer virus, capable of spreading through and hijacking any technology you touch. Infected devices become extensions of your will, and you can manifest a cybernetic body when you need physical presence. Powers that respect conservation laws and purely intangible energies resist your control.
1429. Concept Embodiment,7.3
#You are the tangible incarnation of a concept, your body, mind and powers all shaped after the idea you represent. You have innate affinity and control over your concept, growing stronger when it is present and weaker when it is opposed. If the concept is destroyed, so are you.
1430. Concept Empowerment,5.3
#You become stronger, faster and more durable through affinity with a particular concept, unlocking powers related to its nature. You may even draw sustenance from it or slow your aging. If the concept weakens, so do you.
1431. Concept Mimicry,8.9
#You are a living concept, your existence unified with one or more metaphysical abstractions. You possess unlimited authority over whatever you embody, know everything about it, and exist wherever your concept exists. Vulnerable to Concept Manipulation and Metaphysical Manipulation.
1432. Concept-Dependent Immortality,6.2
#Your existence is tied to a particular concept, and as long as that concept exists, you cannot truly die. Kill you and you return, as love returns, as war returns, as night returns. Destroy the concept though and you become fully mortal.
1433. Conceptual Anchoring,7.4
#You are immune to conceptual alteration, definition changes, logic warping, status enforcement, perspective shifting, none of it can touch you. You are what you are, and no amount of rewriting reality can change that. Useless against Conceptual Lordship and Omni-Negation.
1434. Conceptual Defense,6.3
#You possess a defense that operates on the conceptual level, protecting you from attacks that bypass ordinary means such as time, space, existence or unavoidable strikes. By becoming conceptually impossible to harm in the relevant way, the attack's cause is negated entirely. May only work under specific circumstances depending on the concept.
1435. Conceptual Mind,6.8
#Your mind is a conceptual one, unshackled from biological or psychological limits. You can comprehend abstract concepts instinctively, your senses are no longer tied to your brain, and your intelligence operates at a level regular minds literally cannot parse. A mind like yours may eventually develop a sense of self that refuses your control.
1436. Conceptual Power Link,5.5
#Your conceptual nature is directly linked to your powers, fueling and empowering them with abstract force. Your powers grow stronger the more tied they are to your concept, and you can utilize them on levels impossible for those without a conceptual core. May go out of control if your concept becomes unstable.
1437. Conceptual Resistance,5.6
#You are highly resistant to conceptual phenomena, such as conceptual attacks, damage, effects, and laws. Users of conceptual powers must expend significantly more effort to affect you, though sufficiently strong ones can still break through. Resistance Removal may strip this if wielded by someone powerful enough.
1438. Conceptual Symbiosis,7.4
#You share a symbiotic bond with a conceptual being, absorbing its energy or outright hosting it within your body. This grants you reality warping and control over universal laws tied to its concept, but the entity may try to take over your mind, and its raw power may damage or destroy your mortal frame.
1439. Conceptual Transcendence,9.3
#You transcend all conceptualization, including conceptual powers, definitions, meanings and forms of logic. You exist outside any perspective or classification, which renders you immune to conceptual attacks and grants you total freedom from any restriction. Since concepts are how reality is defined, you are usually otherness, impossible, or undetermined to those who perceive you.
1440. Conclusion Embodiment,9.1
#You are the physical manifestation of conclusions and endings themselves. Games, stories, people, gods, worlds and universes all have an ending and you decide how and when each of those endings arrive. You could bring eternity itself to a standstill. Useless against Beginningless Beings, as a thing with no beginning has no end to enforce.
1441. Concrete Empowerment,2.8
#You grow stronger, faster and more durable while in contact with concrete. Being in a city or anywhere with heavy concrete construction is like a constant trickle of energy to you, and with enough practice you may even be able to draw sustenance from it and slow your aging.
1442. Concrete Mimicry,3.5
#You can transform your body partially or fully into concrete, gaining significant durability and weight at the cost of speed. You can choose between anatomical transformation, retaining your organs as concrete, or homogeneous transformation, becoming solid stone throughout.
1443. Concrete Regeneration,3.3
#You can use concrete to regenerate from injuries, with the amount of concrete you have access to determining how quickly and thoroughly you heal. In a city you can bounce back from severe wounds, in a forest you are just as mortal as anyone else.
1444. Condensed Activity,5.2
#Your body can contain an absurd density of power, matter, energy and force without needing the size to match. A skinny old man with this trait could carry the strength, speed and durability of a hulking titan and never burst, leak or tear from the pressure. You can still hit the ceiling of your own training, this trait just removes the bodily container as a bottleneck.
1445. Condiment Mimicry,2.0
#You can transform your body partially or fully into condiments. You gain some resistance to physical attacks by being a squishy fluid, but you are now literally edible and vulnerable to being consumed. Returning to your original form may take practice.
1446. Condition Infinitum,7.3
#Your condition increases over time with no upper limit. Every day, week and year you become measurably stronger, faster, tougher and sharper, with no ceiling and no cap. Given enough time you could achieve any feat of physical or mental prowess, though you may need to fulfill a specific trigger condition for the growth to continue, and unchecked growth could damage you.
1447. Condition Retention,4.2
#Your physical, mental, and cognitive condition never decays from disuse or circumstance. You could lie in a coma for a decade and wake up with the same muscles, reflexes, and sharpness you had going in. Injuries still happen, but atrophy, rust, and rot do not.
1448. Confection Mimicry,3.2
#Your body is made of confections, or can transform into them at will. You could be a living gingerbread man, a chocolate golem, or a sentient pile of marshmallows. You are also, unfortunately, edible.
1449. Confidence Empowerment,3.5
#You grow stronger, faster, and more durable the more confident you are in yourself. A believing hero with this trait fights far above their weight class; a self-doubting one crumbles. Some users can even slow their aging while riding a streak of certainty.
1450. Confusion Embodiment,6.5
#You are the physical manifestation of Confusion itself. You draw power from the bewilderment of others and your own, can weaponize perplexity directly, and become immune to death save under very specific conditions. Clear Mind and Psychic Shield users resist your presence.
1451. Confusion Immunity,2.8
#You cannot be confused. Illusions, psychic tricks, and disorientation effects wash over you without landing. Your mental balance holds no matter how chaotic the situation gets. Absolute Illusion and Omni-Telepathy may still get through.
1452. Congregative Reform,5.4
#As long as all your pieces, body, mind, or soul, are gathered together, you can regenerate or resurrect yourself from them. Even a shattered soul can reform into an astral body if the fragments are collected. The catch is that finding every piece can take years and the process may be agonizing.
1453. Conjoined Physiology,3.3
#You possess a body fused with one or more other beings, sharing organs, limbs, or a single frame. Cooperation amplifies your capability; conflict cripples it. If the fused entities are ever separated, the power ends permanently.
1454. Connectionless Body,3.6
#You have no hips, knees, ankles, shoulders, elbows or wrists. The rest of your limbs simply float in place near your body, held by nothing, moving as if the joints were still there. Strikes pass through empty air where a joint should be, but a strong enough hit can send a limb flying off to be retrieved later.
1455. Connector Mimicry,2.6
#Allows you to transform partially or fully into a living connector, your body becoming cables, plugs and ports while retaining your anatomy. In this form you can interface directly with machines and transmit signals or electricity through yourself.
1456. Conquest Empowerment,4.6
#You grow stronger, faster and more durable from every conquest, be it a battlefield victory, a hostile takeover or even winning an argument. The more you subjugate and dominate, the more your powers swell, and sufficiently dedicated conquerors may find themselves aging slower or not at all.
1457. Conscious Spatial Awareness,3.3
#You possess an instinctual extrasensory awareness that prevents you from ever materializing any part of your body inside a solid object when teleporting. You can port into places you've never seen within your range without fear of fusing into a wall, a floor, or another person.
1458. Consciousness State Empowerment,4.4
#You grow stronger, faster and more durable from states of consciousness, with each mental state unlocking different boosts and related abilities. A deep meditative state might sharpen your mind, while an altered intoxicated state could amplify your raw physical power. Some can even subsist on consciousness itself.
1459. Consequence Immunity,6.5
#You are immune to consequences, meaning you can act however you please without suffering the results of your own actions. Eat poison, insult kings, fall from orbit - nothing sticks. You may never learn from your mistakes, however, since you never feel them, and sufficiently powerful beings may be able to make consequences bite through regardless.
1460. Conserved Motion,4.1
#Your motion is conserved. If you are sprinting at full speed and suddenly drop to a crawl, your speed and direction are preserved regardless of what your body is actually doing. You can flip, spin, switch stances, all while your momentum simply continues onward. Fine maneuvering can still be awkward.
1461. Constant State of Death,3.5
#You are trapped in a cycle of perpetual death, dying over and over again by some force internal or external. Some users repeat the same death endlessly, others meet a new end each time. It never truly expires, and whether this is a curse or some strange blessing depends entirely on the user.
1462. Constellation Empowerment,4.9
#You draw power from the constellations overhead, your natural abilities steadily amplified to supernatural levels, and each constellation granting you additional powers tied to its mythological meaning. Under a zodiac's gaze you become something far more than human.
1463. Contact Force Defiance,4.3
#You can ignore contact forces at will, walking without friction, striking without impact, and interacting with objects from a distance as though touch were optional. Gravity still holds you down though, so no flying for you.
1464. Contaminant Immunity,3.5
#You are immune to all manner of contaminants, including poisons, toxins, venoms, viruses, bacteria, parasites and allergens. You could drink from a sewer and feel nothing, though overwhelming quantities may still push your limits.
1465. Continent Physiology,6.4
#Your body is a continent, or at the very least carries the traits of one. You possess unfathomable mass, landscapes grow upon your skin, and your body hosts ecosystems. You are essentially a walking landmass, nearly impossible to move against your will and capable of crushing armies underfoot.
1466. Continuum Embodiment,7.4
#You are the physical manifestation of a continuum, an aspect of reality's successive series given flesh. You have limitless control over your chosen continuum and are utterly immune to its effects. You are typically bound to a single continuum, but within that spectrum you are absolute.
1467. Continuum Power Link,5.3
#Your very nature is linked to a continuum, and that continuous essence fuels and strengthens every power you possess. Your abilities are amplified by the spectrum you are bound to, though instability in your archetypal nature can send your powers spiralling out of control.
1468. Control Immunity,5.6
#You are utterly immune to all forms of control, subordination and possession, regardless of origin. Mind control, hypnosis, brainwashing, marionette strings, divine commands; none of them take hold. Only absolute-tier dominations like Omniarch can bypass you, and immunity negation remains your one true weakness.
1469. Control Loss Defiance,3.8
#You simply do not lose control of yourself. Knocked flying, tripped, slipped, stunned, slowed, staggered, none of it breaks your composure or your ability to act. You can still be hurt, but you will never flail or fumble your way into a worse position.
1470. Control Continuation,5.3
#Even when you are possessed, mind-controlled or having your body puppeted, you can keep doing what you were trying to do. Whatever force has taken the wheel finds a ghost still driving underneath, allowing you to act independently alongside or in spite of the intruder.
1471. Conversion Blood,4.3
#Your blood has conversion properties, allowing you to turn others into a different type of being through transfusion or ingestion. Whatever species you are, or whatever the blood was imbued for, is what the target becomes. Those with conversion immunity or negation are unaffected.
1472. Conversion Empowerment,4.7
#Every time you convert another being into your kind, you grow stronger, faster and more durable, and may unlock new abilities tied to your affinity. Sufficiently dedicated users can draw sustenance from their conversions or even slow and halt their own aging.
1473. Conversion Immunity,3.3
#You cannot be turned into something you aren't. Vampire bites, werewolf curses, zombification, mummification, demonic transformation, none of it takes hold. You remain stubbornly yourself no matter what bites, spells or mutagens come your way.
1474. Conversion Recovery,3.9
#Any conversion inflicted on you slowly unravels, reverting you back to your original state over time. Bitten by a vampire? Give it a week. Cursed by lycanthropy? It'll pass. You can still be re-converted, and some transformations take longer to shake off than others.
1475. Cookie Mimicry,2.8
#Your body is made of or can transform into cookies. You retain all your organs and anatomy, just now rendered in edible baked dough. You are somewhat vulnerable to being bitten and eaten and anything that causes rot is absolutely miserable for you.
1476. Cool Movement,2.7
#You can move without producing heat or suffering from cold. No matter how hard you exert yourself you never overheat or sweat, and no matter how cold it gets you keep acting like the temperature doesn't touch you. You are effortlessly, literally cool.
1477. Cooperative Mobility,4.1
#Inertia, weight, gravity, friction, every physical force that would normally resist your movement instead assists it. You move as if the world itself were politely stepping out of your way. You still have a top speed and cannot accelerate forever, but within those bounds motion is effortless.
1478. Copper Mimicry,3.0
#Your body is made of or can transform into copper. You gain the high thermal and electrical conductivity of the metal but are also soft, malleable and very heavy, with all the vulnerabilities that copper entails.
1479. Coral Physiology,2.9
#You are or can transform into coral, a living colony of polyps. In this form you are durable and can regenerate as the colony grows, but you risk becoming brittle if you let yourself dry out for too long.
1480. Core-Reliant Immortality,5.4
#You are immortal as long as your core remains intact. The core may be an organ housing your life force or a vessel containing your soul, and while its destruction means true death, nothing short of that can end you. Hiding and protecting the core is your only real vulnerability.
1481. Core-Reliant Regeneration,5.2
#You can regenerate from any and all bodily damage so long as your core remains intact. The core houses your regenerative essence, and can range from a specific organ down to a single cell. Destroying the core ends the regeneration, and often ends you with it.
1482. Corporate Brand Mimicry,3.8
#You are or can transform into a corporate brand entity, an alien-like monstrosity embodying the identity and loyalty of whatever brand you represent. Your form and abilities shift depending on the brand, and competing brands may try to devour you on sight.
1483. Corrupted Blood,3.6
#Your blood is inherently corrupted, spreading taint into anything it touches or anyone foolish enough to ingest it. Useful as a bioweapon in a pinch, but you may not be immune to your own blood's influence.
1484. Corrupted Power Link,4.7
#Your corrupted nature is directly linked to your powers, fueling and strengthening them the more tainted you become. You may go out of control if your corruption becomes unstable, and purification users are your natural counter.
1485. Corrupted Symbiosis,5.6
#You share a symbiotic bond with a corrupted or corrupting being, gaining access to defiled energies, deformed physical enhancements and the power to taint others. The essence is fortifying but the entity inside you may eventually try to take over your body and mind.
1486. Corrupting Presence,5.3
#Your very presence corrupts the minds of others, augmenting and unleashing malevolence in everyone around you. Always active and largely uncontrollable, so expect hostility from anyone who spends too long in your shadow. A classic mark of higher evil spirits.
1487. Corruption Embodiment,6.6
#You are the living embodiment of corruption itself. Your mere presence spreads like a virus, worming into the emotions of those around you and unlocking their darkest impulses, eroding moral values and bending them toward horrible acts. Those with no morals to begin with and those touched by Omni Purification are beyond your reach.
1488. Corruption Empowerment,3.6
#You grow stronger, faster and more durable the more corruption surrounds you, whether it be a corrupted environment, corrupted people or your own tainted state. Prolonged immersion may begin to reshape your personality, and in a pure place you will find yourself weakened.
1489. Corruption Immunity,4.2
#You are wholly immune to corruption and all corruption-based powers, meaning you can wield dark powers without being tainted by them and walk through defiled lands without consequence. Only Omni-level corruption or immunity-bypassing abilities can overcome this.
1490. Corvid Physiology,3.3
#You are or can transform into a corvid - crow, raven, rook, jay or magpie - either partially or fully. You gain flight, sharp intelligence, keen eyes and the uncanny cleverness of the corvid family.
1491. Cosmic Capacitor,4.5
#Your body functions as a living battery for cosmic energy, absorbing it from any source and storing it indefinitely. You can channel the stored energy for any purpose you can formulate, making you an excellent support for any cosmic-based power user, including yourself.
1492. Cosmic Divinity,7.4
#You are a divine being of the cosmic variety, whether by ancestry, ascension, or being enhanced to the point of godhood. Your raw power far exceeds the mundane, granting you the status and presence of a cosmic deity. Ineffective against those with Divine Power Immunity and vulnerable to divinity nullification.
1493. Cosmic Embodiment,7.3
#You are the physical manifestation of cosmic forces. Stars, meteors, planets and nebulae all answer to you as extensions of your very being. Can be countered by users of Universal Manipulation, and you may be limited to one particular cosmic force rather than all of them.
1494. Cosmic Empowerment,4.6
#You are empowered by cosmic forces, gaining enhanced strength, speed, and durability while also unlocking new abilities tied to the cosmos. You may draw sustenance directly from cosmic radiation and even slow your aging. Overloading on too much cosmic energy can leave your body unstable.
1495. Cosmic Energy Mimicry,6.0
#Your body is made of or can transform into cosmic energy. In your transformed state you may still retain your anatomy or become homogenous energy with no vital organs at all. Cosmic Energy Absorption may prove fatal to you in this state.
1496. Cosmic Event Empowerment,3.7
#You become stronger, faster, and more durable when cosmic events occur such as eclipses, meteor showers, solstices, equinoxes and planetary alignments. Some events may unlock entirely new powers. The catch is that cosmic events may only happen once in a great while, and you may need to be in a specific location to catch them.
1497. Cosmic Fire Mimicry,5.8
#Your body is composed of or can transform into cosmic fire, with the flames flowing through your cells, bones and muscles and fortifying them. You are mostly immune to regular fire but other users of Cosmic Fire Manipulation may still hurt you.
1498. Cosmic Hunger,6.3
#You hunger on a cosmic scale and possess the means to satisfy it. You can devour anything and everything, organic, inorganic, and possibly even concepts themselves. The downside is that you are almost always hungry, and starvation causes you unimaginable suffering without killing you.
1499. Cosmic Immunity,4.8
#You are immune to cosmic energy, forces and objects, suffering no harm from their direct or indirect effects. The drawback is that you're also immune to beneficial effects of Cosmic Magic and may be impossible to heal with Cosmic Healing.
1500. Cosmic Interaction,4.0
#You can physically interact with cosmic objects and artifacts that would normally harm or destroy anything that touched them. Even if an artifact doesn't passively harm others, you may be the only one capable of using it. Might require proximity to the object and may not work on every cosmic thing.
1501. Cosmic Keystone,7.6
#You are the anchor for an entire world, dimension, universe or reality. Your existence is required for that place to exist, and as a result you are likely its ultimate conduit of power. If you are killed or forced to leave, the place you anchor collapses with you.
1502. Cosmic Knowledge,6.1
#You possess immense cosmic knowledge, including cosmology, quantum mechanics, dimensional theory, metaphysical constructs and the very nature of existence. Advanced sciences, arcane systems, and universal laws are open to your understanding. You may still be unaware of certain things and your knowledge may be tied to your native universe.
1503. Cosmic Medium Defiance,3.3
#You can travel through cosmic mediums like space dust, cosmic rays, interstellar gas and nebulae without any resistance. Moving through them at supersonic or even relativistic speeds is no problem for you. Does not help against any other kind of force.
1504. Cosmic Quintessence,6.3
#Your body endlessly generates its own cosmic energy, without needing to draw from the universe around you. You can use this infinite reservoir to enhance your physique, power any invention, or fuel any cosmic technique, though channeling too much at once still tires your mind and body.
1505. Cotton Candy Mimicry,2.3
#Your body is made of cotton candy, either anatomically identical to your normal form or fully homogeneous sugar-floss matter. You can reshape and reform yourself but melt when wet and are helpless against anyone willing to take a bite.
1506. Countenance,4.6
#Your face, true form or appearance causes various effects in whoever sees it. The nature of the effect depends on you and the viewer, ranging from paralyzing dread to helpless adoration. Usually requires eye contact to trigger at full strength.
1507. Counter Inertia,3.6
#Your body automatically counteracts its own inertia, meaning you never trip, overshoot, get knocked down from impacts or tear yourself apart from your own momentum. You always land correctly and your limbs stay attached no matter how hard you swing.
1508. Courage Embodiment,6.3
#You are the living embodiment of courage, growing stronger the more fearless you become in the face of danger. No common fear can touch you, and your bravery manifests as tangible power that escalates the more dire the situation gets. May lose to an embodiment of Fear in a direct clash.
1509. Coyote Physiology,2.2
#Allows you to transform into a coyote or gain the traits of one, granting enhanced senses, agility and endurance. You gain the cunning and adaptability of the trickster of the desert.
1510. Coyotefolk Physiology,2.8
#You are a coyotefolk, a humanoid coyote with the agility, senses and feral cunning of your kind combined with the dexterity of a person. You possess sharp fangs, keen ears and the endurance to run down prey for days on end.
1511. Crab Physiology,2.3
#Allows you to transform into a crab or partially gain their traits, granting you a hardened chitinous shell, powerful pincers, and the ability to breathe underwater. Your sideways scuttle is surprisingly fast.
1512. Crayon Mimicry,0.4
#You are a crayon. A drawing implement made of pigmented wax. Good luck.
1513. Cream Mimicry,2.2
#You can transform your body partially or fully into cream, becoming a creamy fluid that can reform and reshape itself. You are, however, edible, and a hungry enemy is a terrifying thing.
1514. Creation Embodiment,8.7
#You are the living embodiment of creation itself, the beginning of all things, able to bring anything and everything into existence by simply willing it so. Matter, life, concepts, worlds — all flow from you like breath. You may feel a compulsion to create without considering the consequences.
1515. Creation Power Link,4.8
#Your creative spark is directly wired into your powers, every act of materialization fuels and strengthens your abilities. The link is potent but unstable, if your materialization falters your powers may spiral out of control.
1516. Creation Symbiosis,5.4
#You host or are bonded to a creative entity, an embodiment of materialization that grants you profound creation-based abilities. The entity may try to possess your body or mind, and the raw creative force flowing through you can harm you as easily as it empowers you.
1517. Creative Source,8.9
#You are the source of all creation, as long as you exist creation itself exists. You have an emotional link to every created thing and every creative power in existence, but if you ever die all of creation dies with you, and you cannot escape this role without passing it to another.
1518. Absolute Creativity,8.7
#Your imagination is limitless, boundless and wholly unrestrained by logic or reality. Any concept you can conceive, no matter how impossible or unprecedented, can take form in some way, your mind an infinite wellspring of originality from which new inventions, arts, sciences and entire forces spring freely.
1519. Enhanced Creativity,2.7
#Your creative faculties run far above the human baseline, new ideas, designs and concepts come to you constantly and in great variety. You may have the ideas but still need skill to execute them properly.
1520. Supernatural Creativity,4.5
#Your imagination and ideation operate far beyond what most beings in your world are capable of, generating inventions, artistic designs and concepts that others would consider impossible. You may still need real-world skill to actually build what you envision.
1521. Creativity,1.7
#You have a strong creative mind, capable of producing a wide variety of original ideas, designs and concepts. You are at the peak of what a regular human can manage, though you may still lack the technical skills to bring everything to life.
1522. Crest Empowerment,4.1
#Your body bears crests, birthmark-like sigils that make you stronger, faster and more durable, and may even unlock abilities tied to their meaning. Advanced users can draw sustenance from their crests or slow their own aging through them.
1523. Crime Drama Embodiment,5.8
#You are the living embodiment of crime dramas, the concept and conveyance of the justice system wrapped in intrigue and suspense. Every case you investigate takes on cinematic weight, twists unfold around you, and you can intuitively channel the tropes of noir into very real effects.
1524. Crocodilian Monster Physiology,4.2
#You are or can transform into a crocodilian monster, a hulking apex predator with armored hide, bone-crushing jaws and a primal hunger. Monster slayers will treat you accordingly.
1525. Crocodilian Physiology,3.0
#You are or can transform into a crocodilian, gaining the traits of crocodiles, alligators, caimans or gharials. You are fast in water and hit like a freight train, but short-tempered and ungraceful on land.
1526. Crocodilianoid Physiology,3.1
#You are or can transform into a crocodilianoid, a humanoid crocodilian race with scaled hide, sharp teeth and a heavy tail. You keep a bipedal frame and human intelligence while gaining the physical gifts of a crocodilian predator.
1527. Crocotta Physiology,3.6
#You are or can transform into a Crocotta, a mythical hybrid beast with a bone-ridged maw instead of teeth. You possess immense strength, the bravery of a lion and the swiftness of a horse, and can mimic human voices to lure prey. Vulnerable to being stabbed in the back of the neck.
1528. Crustacean Monster Physiology,4.3
#You are or can transform into a monstrous crustacean, a hulking chitinous horror with oversized claws, layered armor and predatory instinct. You possess immense crushing strength and near-impenetrable shell, but are vulnerable to those trained in Monster Slaying.
1529. Crustacean Physiology,3.2
#You are or can transform into a crustacean such as a crab, lobster, crayfish, shrimp, krill or barnacle, either partially or fully. Hard shell, powerful pincers and excellent aquatic adaptation come with the territory.
1530. Crustaceanoid Physiology,3.4
#You possess the body of a crustaceanoid, a humanoid hybrid of human and crustacean. Chitinous armor plating, powerful claws and aquatic adaptability combined with humanoid dexterity and intelligence.
1531. Cryogenic Blood,3.3
#Your blood runs freezing cold, rendering you invisible to thermal cameras and causing any of your blood that spills to flash-freeze whatever it touches. Cut an enemy while bleeding on them and they may find their wound encased in ice.
1532. Cryogenic Bodily Fluids,3.5
#All of your bodily fluids — blood, sweat, saliva, tears — are freezing cold and capable of icing over whatever they touch. Spit freezes locks, sweat frosts your grip, tears become crystalline shards. May require a specific diet or lifestyle to maintain.
1533. Cryogenic Tears,2.6
#Your tears are freezing cold and turn to ice the moment they touch air or any surface. Cry onto a wound to seal it, or weep onto the floor to create impromptu caltrops of frozen grief.
1534. Cryoscience,5.4
#You possess omniscient knowledge of all things related to ice, snow, frost and winter. You instinctively understand every crystalline structure, every frozen reaction, every secret buried in the cold. Your power and insight are magnified in winter or within frozen lands.
1535. Crystal Embodiment,7.3
#You are the living embodiment of crystal itself, the concept of ordered lattice and geometric perfection given form. You possess limitless control over and immunity to crystal in all its forms, but sound and vibration strike at the very core of your being.
1536. Crystal Empowerment,3.2
#You become stronger, faster and more durable when in contact with crystals and gemstones, with different stones unlocking different affinities. With enough exposure to the right gems you may even draw sustenance from them or slow your aging.
1537. Crystal Heart,3.8
#Your heart is made of pure crystal, beating in slow radiant pulses. While it grants you a natural affinity for crystal-based powers and a certain otherworldly presence, any damage to the crystal itself is catastrophic, and it may struggle to function as a proper cardiac organ without support.
1538. Crystal Mimicry,5.1
#Your body is made of or can transform into living crystal, granting you immense durability and a shimmering geometric form. Though you retain your organs in crystalline analog, every crystal has flaws, and a precise strike or the right frequency of sound can shatter you.
1539. Crystal Monster Physiology,5.0
#You are or can transform into a crystal monster, a beast whose entire body is composed of living gemstone. The type of crystal determines the specific powers you wield, from ruby-born flames to sapphire frost, all backed by the brute strength of a lattice-bodied monstrosity.
1540. Crystal Spike Protrusion,3.1
#Razor-sharp crystal spikes grow from your body at will, usable as weapons or as a defensive bramble of faceted edges. You can retract them when you don't want to shred your clothes or the people hugging you.
1541. Crystallokinetically Enhanced Durability,3.2
#Your body can be reinforced with crystalline structures, granting you much higher durability against physical trauma. Durability negation and invulnerability bypassing easily slice through this defense.
1542. Cuélebre Physiology,6.3
#You are or can transform into the Cuélebre, a massive winged serpent-dragon of Asturian myth. Your scales grow thick and impenetrable with age, your bat wings carry you across the sky, and you instinctively hoard treasure. Though you are functionally immortal, you will eventually feel the pull toward the Mar Cuajada beyond the sea.
1543. Cucumber Mimicry,1.0
#Your body is made of, or can transform into, cucumbers. You can be a regular-looking person made of cucumber matter, or a homogeneous pile of cucumbers. Either way, you are a cucumber.
1545. Cupcake Mimicry,1.0
#Your body is made of or can transform into cupcakes. You might look anatomically normal while being entirely cupcake, or you can become a homogeneous pile of cupcakes. Try not to get eaten.
1546. Curing Immunity,3.0
#You are immune to all forms of curing. No one can remove a disease, curse, transformation or modification from you against your will. Absolute restoration and power negation can still bypass this.
1547. Curse Attraction,2.9
#You are a curse magnet. Any curse in your general area will be drawn toward you rather than its intended target, making you an excellent shield for your friends and an absolute nightmare for yourself. Turning it off may not be an option.
1548. Curse Dragon Physiology,7.3
#You are or can transform into a Curse Dragon, a rare and fearsome breed of dragon whose very breath carries misfortune. Your physical stats are immense and you wield potent curse manipulation on a scale only dragons can match, although dragon gods still eclipse you.
1549. Curse Embodiment,8.6
#You are the living embodiment of curses, the walking misfortune itself. You are utterly immune to any and all curses and wield curse-based abilities superior to any practitioner, capable of warping reality itself by cursing its very foundation. Only an embodiment of blessing can truly challenge you.
1550. Curse Immunity,3.6
#You are completely immune to the direct effects of curses, hexes and jinxes. No witch, demon, or cursed object can lay a supernatural affliction on you directly, though indirect curses (like a cursed building collapsing) may still harm you.
1551. Cursed Blood,4.0
#Your blood is inherently cursed, granting you potent curse-based abilities and allowing you to inflict afflictions on any target that comes into contact with it. Consuming your blood is catastrophic for the drinker, and even a splash can deliver a devastating hex. Users of Healing Blood may resist.
1552. Cursed Body,5.4
#Your physical body is made entirely of curses, being cursed is as natural to you as breathing. Any attempt to remove your curse is an attempt to kill you, and you are fueled by the very malediction that sustains you. You may find yourself incapable of truly doing good, as virtue is anathema to your very existence.
1553. Cursed Name,6.2
#Your name is cursed, anyone who speaks it aloud suffers from supernatural afflictions, sleep disorders, madness, dread, misfortune and even death. Once spoken, your name also allows you to track the speaker across any distance. Those who know of you speak only in nicknames, if at all.
1554. Cursed Power Link,4.8
#Your cursed nature is inextricably linked to your powers, the desecration that afflicts you is the fuel that drives your abilities. As your curse deepens, your powers grow, but if your cursed nature becomes unstable, so do you.
1555. Cursed Symbiosis,5.6
#You host a cursed being inside your body, be it spiritual, demonic or magical in origin. Its presence grants you negative energy powers, double-edged enhancement and hex-casting, but it may try to possess you, harm you, or demand specific conditions to share its power.
1556. Cursing Presence,5.0
#Your very presence curses whatever is around you. Plants wither, livestock sickens, people grow unlucky and fall ill the longer they linger near you. You can't really turn it off, making normal life rather difficult, but in a fight it's devastating.
1557. Curupira Physiology,5.4
#South American Mythology - You are or can transform into a Curupira, a Brazilian forest spirit with bright red hair and backwards-facing feet. You can create footprints that lead pursuers in circles for days, command the beasts of the forest, and enforce natural balance on those who take more than they need. The forest itself bends to your will.
1558. Cut Activity,3.6
#Your body parts continue to function even when partially severed or cut into multiple pieces. A halved arm still grips, a split leg still runs, and a bisected torso can still fight. Does not restore the parts, they remain wounded, but they still answer to you.
1559. Cutting Immunity,4.0
#You cannot be harmed by cuts, slices or severing of any kind, no matter the angle or force. Absolute Slicing, Dimensional Cutting and Phase Cutting can still bypass this, and exceptionally powerful cuts may still get through.
1560. Cyber Mind,4.5
#Your mind runs like a supercharged supercomputer, processing information at extraordinary speeds and seamlessly interfacing with any technological system you come near. Vulnerable to computer viruses, EMPs and Data Absorption, since your consciousness is now a very fancy machine.
1561. Cyber Viral Immunity,2.0
#You are immune to computer viruses, whether because your anatomy is organic, your code is hardened, or your body is simply built different. Weaker users may only resist certain strains, and some become unwitting carriers instead of being truly immune.
1562. Cybernetic Aging,4.2
#Your aging is delayed or suppressed through cybernetic enhancements woven through your body. You may live for centuries as long as the implants keep running, balancing your biological decay with mechanical maintenance.
1563. Cybernetic Enhancement,4.3
#Your body has been augmented with cybernetic implants and mechanical parts, granting a suite of enhanced abilities depending on the nature of the augments. Training and upgrades allow you to push these enhancements further over time.
1564. Cybernetic Metal Skeleton,4.8
#Your entire skeleton is replaced with technological metal bones that are nearly indestructible, turning you into a perfect killing chassis around which flesh simply hangs. Similarly equipped enemies can still harm you, and without Mechanical Regeneration repair is slow and external.
1565. Cybernetic Mouth,2.8
#Your mouth has been replaced with a cybernetic one, complete with mechanical jaw, teeth and whatever additional mechanisms the designer bolted in. Commonly hides extending fangs, built-in weapons, or diagnostic tools, but can be disabled by a solid EMP.
1566. Cybernetic Speed,4.0
#Your cybernetic enhancements grant you immense speed, the exact level depending on what has been installed into your frame. Extended sprinting can strain the organic parts of your body, and you may need a power source to keep pushing hard.
1567. Cybernetic Spine,4.3
#Your spine has been replaced with a cybernetic one, granting enhanced strength, speed and durability directly through your central nervous system. The implant may also interfere with your DNA, pushing you toward transhuman mutation and unique supernatural abilities over time.
1568. Cybernetic Stamina,4.1
#Your cybernetic systems give you immense stamina, ranging from superhuman endurance to effectively unlimited depending on the quality of the enhancements. You simply do not get tired the way a biological body does, and your cardiovascular system never catches up to the exhaustion.
1569. Cybernetic Strength,4.2
#Your cybernetic body or body parts grant you superhuman strength, ranging anywhere from low-tier to crushingly high-end depending on the enhancements. Users of Absolute Strength can still overpower you, and the right weapons can still dismantle your frame.
1570. Cybernetic Subdermal Armor,4.0
#You have artificial body armor implanted under your skin, dramatically enhancing your durability and strength. The armor may interact with your DNA over time, nudging you toward transhumanism, though your outer skin remains vulnerable without a regenerative factor.
1571. Cyberspace Adaptation,3.8
#You can survive and operate within cyberspace as if it were a physical environment, handling malicious programs, digital firewalls and virtual predators without harm. Vulnerable to Cyberpotence users who own the realm, and you may be weaker outside of digital space.
1572. Cycle Embodiment,8.1
#You are the living embodiment of the cycles of the universe, creation and destruction, life and death, beginning and end. You exist as the turning wheel itself, and your actions resonate on a cosmic scale whether you want them to or not.
1573. Cycle Transcendence,8.5
#You transcend the cycles of the universe. Most high-level beings, no matter how powerful, are merely fulfilling their role within the current cycle and will end when it does. You are beyond that limit, persisting through the death and rebirth of reality itself.
1574. Cyclops Physiology,3.6
#Allows you to transform into a cyclops, a one-eyed giant of Greek myth. You gain immense size and strength, and your single eye marks you as something ancient and feral. Your depth perception is, naturally, terrible.
1575. Cypriniforme Physiology,2.6
#Allows you to transform into a member of the cypriniformes order, such as carp, koi, loaches, or goldfish. With enough perseverance and the right waterfall, a koi can even ascend into a dragon in the old stories.
1576. DNA Link,3.5
#You possess a genetic link to somebody or something, allowing you to sense each other's location, share powers, and feel each other's condition across any distance. Corruptions in one party's DNA may carry to the other, and the link may be impossible to sever.
1577. Daemon Physiology,6.0
#Greek Mythology - Allows you to transform into a daimon, a minor deity and personification of a concept, function, or place. You possess divine authority over whatever domain you embody, standing as a lesser god beneath the Olympian pantheon.
1578. Daeva Physiology,5.6
#Zoroastrian Mythology - Allows you to transform into a daeva, a malevolent spirit of chaos and disorder from ancient Persian myth. You gain demonic physical abilities and the power to sow confusion and corruption in those around you.
1579. Daidarabotchi Physiology,6.4
#Japanese Mythology - Allows you to transform into a daidarabotchi, a yokai giant so massive that their footprints were said to create lakes. Your size grants you immense strength and a presence that reshapes the landscape, but you are impossible to hide and rarely welcomed.
1580. Daitya Physiology,6.5
#Hindu Mythology - Allows you to transform into a daitya, one of the divine giant ascetics of old. You possess titanic strength and a measure of the divine, but like the asura you are hot-blooded and easily ruled by wrath and pride, which can cloud your judgement in battle.
1581. Damage Empowerment,5.4
#The more damage you take, the stronger, faster, and tougher you become. Physical, mental, and spiritual wounds all feed your power, and taking lethal damage pushes you to your absolute peak. You still have to survive the pain to use it.
1582. Danava Physiology,6.5
#You are a Danava, one of the asura half-brothers of the devas and daityas from Hindu myth. You possess immense physical strength and the raw divine power of a giant of old, but your hotblooded nature and addictions to wrath, pride and bellicosity cloud your judgment in battle.
1583. Dangerous Fluid Activity,3.1
#You can move, act and work inside dangerous and volatile fluids without taking any damage, whether that's boiling water, acid, liquid nitrogen, toxic gas or live electrical currents. Perfect for industrial accidents and lava baths alike.
1584. Dark Elf Physiology,4.6
#You are a Dark Elf, a subterranean cousin to the fair elves known for cruelty, cunning and stealth. You possess enhanced agility, supernatural senses, an affinity for shadow and dark magic, and a natural talent for treachery. You may turn to stone in direct sunlight depending on which tradition your lineage draws from.
1585. Dark Energy Mimicry,5.4
#Your body is made of or can transform into dark energy, fortifying your cells, bones and muscles with a flowing negative current. While transformed you gain resistance to conventional harm, though light energy and energy drain are highly effective against you, potentially lethally so.
1586. Dark Heart,3.2
#Your heart is partially or completely devoid of good, light and virtue. You are resistant to emotional manipulation and mental influence based on kindness or compassion, but you may find yourself incapable of genuine good even when you want to be. Vulnerable to purification.
1587. Dark Matter Embodiment,7.4
#You are the physical manifestation and personification of dark matter itself. You have limitless control over it and are completely immune to its effects. Your only true weaknesses are antimatter and conventional matter manipulation of sufficient caliber.
1588. Dark Matter Empowerment,3.6
#You become stronger, faster, and more durable the closer you are to dark matter, with prolonged exposure unlocking related abilities and amplifying existing ones. You can draw sustenance from it and may even slow your own aging in sufficiently rich environments.
1589. Dark Matter Mimicry,5.7
#Your body is made of or can transform into dark matter, with the substance flowing through your cells, bones and muscles to fortify them. Your transformed form remains anatomically functional and grants you cosmic resilience, but switching between structural states mid-transformation is fatal if interrupted.
1590. Dark Matter Symbiosis,5.8
#You are symbiotically bonded to a being of dark matter, drawing potent cosmic abilities from the link. The bond grants immense power but comes at a cost; the entity may attempt to take over your mind or body, and sufficiently powerful dark matter beings may harm or even destroy their hosts outright.
1591. Dark National Personification,6.3
#You are the embodiment of the darkest aspects of a nation or regime, the avatar of its jingoism, prejudice and violent pride. You draw power from unrest and conflict within your country and exist in perpetual invisible warfare with National Embodiments. If your nation or regime collapses, you fade with it.
1592. Dark Soul,4.6
#Your soul is either devoid of light entirely or has been thoroughly corrupted, granting you access to arcane powers the pure could never wield. You are prone to being drawn toward evil and chaos but with enough discipline you can use it without descending. Vulnerable to purification and holy powers.
1593. Darkness Adaptation,2.1
#Your body is naturally suited to dark environments, especially nighttime, with heightened senses that compensate for the absence of light and a circadian cycle built for nocturnal activity. You tend to be groggy in the day and your eyes are sensitive to bright light.
1594. Darkness Embodiment,8.6
#You are the physical manifestation and personification of Darkness itself, holding absolute authority over shadow and everything closely related to it. Within your domain you are essentially omnipotent, opposed only by those who embody Light.
1595. Darkness Empowerment,3.4
#You become stronger, faster, and more durable when in contact with darkness or shadow, possibly unlocking new abilities and slowing your aging as long as you stay in the dark. Being out in the light weakens you and prolonged exposure may even harm you.
1596. Darkness Immunity,3.0
#You are completely unharmed by darkness and shadow in all its forms, from the corrosive to the corrupting. A great niche protection, but light-based attacks hurt you just as much as anyone else.
1597. Darkness Mimicry,4.5
#Your body is made of living darkness, allowing you to flatten into a 2D shadow, blend into darkness completely, stretch outward, or teleport through shadows. Your form still contains organs and remains vulnerable to attacks, especially from light.
1598. Darkness Symbiosis,5.2
#You host a darkness-based entity or elemental force within your body, granting you powerful umbrakinetic abilities drawn from whatever dwells inside you. Be careful - the entity may try to take over your mind, its nature may be lethal to your body, and you inherit its weakness to light.
1599. Daruma Mimicry,3.5
#You are or can transform into a daruma doll, a hollow weighted figure modeled after the monk Bodhidharma. In this form you embody perseverance and good luck - knocked down, you always right yourself - but you can be fragile and are vulnerable to doll manipulation.
1600. Dawn Embodiment,5.8
#You are the personification of the dawn itself, the transition from night to day. You possess near-limitless control over dawn and all of its optical phenomena, wielding the first rays of the rising sun as your domain. However, your window of true power is brief, and you are notably weaker than those who embody the full day.
1601. Day Embodiment,6.8
#You embody day itself, the concept of the period of light between sunrise and sunset. You wield all of the authority that daylight carries, becoming a divine figure of the sun's reign and all it illuminates. If there is no day anywhere for you to draw upon, however, you are powerless.
1602. Day Empowerment,3.0
#During the day, you become stronger, faster, and more durable, and any existing powers you have are amplified. Some users can even draw sustenance from daylight and slow their aging under the sun. At night, you are just yourself.
1603. Daydream Empowerment,2.9
#Your own daydreams and the daydreams of those around you make you stronger, faster, and more durable, possibly unlocking abilities related to the fantasies being had. You can even draw sustenance from a good enough daydream. Users of Oneiric Immunity are unaffected.
1604. Daytime Walking,3.5
#You are a nocturnal creature, typically a true vampire, that has gained the ability to walk freely in sunlight without being harmed. Whether through dhampir blood, magic, or unique physiology, the sun no longer burns you, though it may still weaken you or cause some discomfort.
1605. Daze Immunity,2.6
#You are immune to being dazed. Blows to the head, flashbangs, concussive force, and other sources of stupefaction simply cannot make you groggy or unable to focus. You can still be hurt and knocked back, but your mind stays sharp through it all.
1606. Dead Heart,3.6
#Your heart no longer functions, whether literally as a non-working organ or conceptually due to severe emotional trauma. Your body keeps going just fine, but you are unable to experience positive emotions and in the worst cases, any emotions at all. You have become cold, heartless, and devoid of compassion, though this state is not necessarily permanent.
1607. Death Connection,7.4
#You are connected to every form of death and dying in existence, emotionally and spiritually linked to every end that ever was or will be. As long as you exist, death exists, and as long as death exists, so do you. Killing you or trapping you may remove death from the world entirely, though users of Bond Destruction can sever the link and Amortals are immune to the connection.
1608. Death Defiance,4.6
#You defy death itself; situations with a high probability of killing you simply fail to do so, letting you walk out of collapsing buildings, gunfire and freefalls with nothing more than a bad day. You can still be hurt and suffer normally, and outside of genuinely lethal situations this trait does nothing for you.
1609. Death Derivation,9.5
#You are the source of all death in the cosmos; every dying cell, every fading star, every ending exists because you do. You hold instant and total dominion over the dead, the dying, and all powers related to death. However, if you are ever killed, death itself ceases and nothing in existence can ever die again, so the role cannot be escaped without passing it to a successor.
1610. Death Embodiment,8.6
#You are Death incarnate, existing wherever death is present and knowing everything tied to it. You are exempt from dying, hold supreme dominion over the dead, and can guide or induce death at will. You may be bound by certain rules of your station and are forbidden from directly clashing with an embodiment of Life.
1611. Death Presence,6.4
#Your mere presence is death. Plants wilt, food rots, wood splinters and metal corrodes around you, and living beings in your proximity simply begin to die. The speed of this decay scales with your strength, reaching grim reaper levels at the highest tiers. Immortals and those who can halt death itself may push back against your aura.
1612. Death Shadow,5.4
#Your shadow kills. Anything caught within it suffers a fate ranging from slow withering to outright erasure from existence, and at higher levels even objects crumble when it falls across them. The shadow must actually touch the target, and it may be impossible to turn off, which makes sunny days an ordeal.
1613. Death Transcendence,9.0
#You have utterly transcended the concept of death. No process categorized as dying can touch you, and even if you are somehow rendered lifeless you simply reinitiate your own existence, reforming body and soul at will. Only Absolute Erasure, Absolute Destruction and Omni-Negation can do anything to you, and even fated deaths slide off without effect.
1614. Death-Force Empowerment,4.5
#You grow stronger, faster and more durable when exposed to death-force, possibly unlocking new related abilities. Sufficient exposure can even sustain you without food or slow your aging to a crawl.
1615. Death-Force Mimicry,5.8
#Your body is made of death-force, or can transform into it at will. In this form your cells, bones and muscles are fortified by necrotic energy flowing through them, though Life-Force Manipulation or Energy Drain can be fatal to you.
1616. Death-Force Power Link,4.8
#Your other powers are wired into your death-force reserves, using necrotic energy as their fuel and amplifier. If your death-force becomes unstable, your linked powers can spiral out of control and Life-Force users may be able to overpower you entirely.
1617. Decapitation Survival,4.2
#Your body keeps functioning even when your head is cut off, blown off, ripped off or outright destroyed. Your body can operate independently from the head, and in most cases you can simply reattach it, though there may be a limit on how many times you can pull this trick.
1618. Decay Embodiment,6.6
#You are the embodiment of decay, rot and the inevitable breakdown of all things. You command every power of necrosis, wither and putrefaction, and can even draw strength from it, though you must be careful not to let your own body become a victim of the process you personify.
1619. Decay Immunity,3.9
#You are completely invulnerable to decay, rot and decomposition. Your body can still be killed, but your corpse would remain pristine forever, bones intact, flesh fresh, muscles preserved. Omni-absorption and power negation are the only things that can strip this immunity.
1620. Decay Power Link,4.7
#Your powers are fueled by your own rotting nature, the decay of your body strengthening and sustaining everything else you can do. You may still rot to death if you push too hard, and life-based or healing powers can overpower you.
1621. Decayed Activity,3.3
#You can move and act normally despite your body being decayed, rotten or falling apart. Flesh that should not function still functions; muscle that should be too mushy to flex still flexes. Great for zombies who want to keep their day job.
1622. Decelerated Aging,2.8
#You age far slower than normal for your species and may live significantly longer than your peers. You are not immortal and are still vulnerable to Age Manipulation, and if you have this from birth you may be stuck looking like a child for decades.
1623. Decelerated Forces,4.4
#External forces like friction and gravity affect you at a reduced rate or with less strength. You can accelerate with unnatural ease and shrug off impacts that would floor others, though without control the power may be inconsistent about when it kicks in.
1624. Defeat Adaptation,5.4
#Whenever you lose, you adapt. Any power, tactic, or trick that defeated you will never work on you the same way twice, your body developing immunities and your mind forming counters automatically. The more times you lose to someone, the more untouchable you become to them.
1625. Defense Adaptation,5.8
#Your attacks adapt to whatever defends against them. If your first strike fails against a target's durability, shield, or immunity, each subsequent attack grows stronger and more tailored until it breaks through. The stronger the defense, the more attempts you need, and you must survive long enough to adapt.
1626. Defense Immunity,5.7
#You are immune to the defenses of others - shields, barriers, armor, and protective powers fail to function when aimed at stopping you. Walls don't hold, forcefields fizzle, and invulnerability gives way. Absolute Defense and Power Negation may still hold you back.
1627. Defense Mechanism,4.0
#When your life is in danger, your body reacts on its own, unleashing protective abilities to keep you alive. You may not have full control over what happens, and the power fades once the threat is gone, but you are remarkably hard to actually kill.
1628. Absolute Defense,9.6
#Your defense is unassailable. No force, element, or power in your universe can get past it, regardless of its nature, scale, or approach. You are the immovable wall, placed above all other beings in terms of sheer protection. Only reality manipulation and conceptual erasure stand a chance against you.
1629. Definition Embodiment,9.1
#You are the embodiment of definitions themselves, the fundamental nature and identity that makes anything what it is. You hold near-limitless dominion over all meanings, though changing the definition of what you are will in turn change your own properties in the world.
1630. Dehydration Survival,2.6
#You can remain alive and functional even in states of severe dehydration that would kill an ordinary person. You may still be vulnerable and weakened while in such a dried-out state, but you will not die from it.
1631. Deity Reincarnation,6.1
#You are the reincarnation of a god, carrying a divine soul or existence passed along from another upon your birth. You may not have access to the full scope of the original deity's powers, and your existence is vulnerable to Reincarnation Denial or Soul Trapping.
1632. Deity Soul,6.4
#You possess the soul of a deity housed within the body of another creature, granting you god-like supernatural abilities. Your divine soul may be dormant at first, suppressed by a higher being or waiting for a specific event to awaken. Your mortal body may struggle to contain the power of what lives inside it.
1633. Delayed Immortality,5.2
#You age normally until you reach your physical prime, at which point your aging screeches to a halt. You stay young and fit indefinitely, though you can still be killed through violence, disease, or other critical injuries. A lifespan with no expiration date, assuming nothing kills you first.
1634. Demi-Dragon Physiology,4.6
#You are half-human, half-dragon, possessing the physical might, scales, and elemental breath of dragonkind while retaining your humanity. Not as powerful as a full-blooded dragon, but far beyond any mere mortal, with the potential to grow into something truly terrifying.
1635. Demi-Nymph Physiology,4.7
#You are half-nymph, blessed with eternal beauty, a divine spark, and a potent connection to nature through your nymph parent's affinity. Forests, rivers, or mountains bend slightly to your presence depending on your heritage, and your mortal half grants you flexibility the pure-blooded lack.
1636. Demi-Werebeast Physiology,3.8
#You are a hybrid of human and werebeast, bearing the shapeshifting traits and enhanced physical stats of your bestial parent without fully losing your humanity. You aren't as monstrous as a full werebeast, but you also lack some of their more crippling weaknesses.
1637. Demigod Physiology,5.7
#You possess a divine spark inherited from a godly parent, granting you a partial form of divinity. Your physical and supernatural abilities far exceed mortal limits, and you may one day ascend to full godhood after death. Still vulnerable to powers that specifically target divinity.
1638. Demihuman Physiology,2.9
#You are a demihuman, one of the many fantasy humanoid races that blend human features with animal traits. Catfolk, lizardfolk, beastkin, whatever fits, you gain its natural attributes. Powers vary wildly depending on species, and some settings don't treat demihumans kindly.
1639. Demon Dragon Physiology,6.2
#You are a demon-dragon hybrid, combining the elemental might and majesty of a dragon with the infernal powers and corruptive nature of a demon. Rare even among mythical beings, you possess both hellfire and dragon's breath, but holy powers hit you twice as hard.
1640. Demon Inheritance,4.3
#You inherit the powers, traits, and possibly the memories of your demonic parent or parents. What exactly you gain depends on who sired you, but you carry their infernal legacy in your blood and soul, potentially awakening more of it over time.
1641. Demon Limbs,3.6
#You possess or can manifest limbs of demonic origin, grotesque and powerful appendages that grant supernatural strength and various infernal abilities depending on their nature. They may be awkward to control at first and make you a target for demon slayers.
1642. Demon Machine Physiology,6.0
#You are a mechanical being infused with demonic power, part cyborg or android and part infernal entity. Your mechanical body is empowered by hellish energy, granting destructive capabilities that dwarf regular machines. Still vulnerable to divine force and holy powers.
1643. Demon Physiology Superior,6.3
#You are an empowered demon, possessing additional power sets beyond those of your base demonic physiology. Like other superior-tier races, you are far stronger than an ordinary demon and possess the intelligence to use your expanded arsenal with refined precision.
1644. Demon Physiology,5.1
#You are or can become a demon, a malevolent spirit of infernal divinity. You gain the physical and supernatural traits of demonkind: horns, claws, fangs, enhanced strength, demonic energy, and possibly wings. Still vulnerable to the usual demon weaknesses like exorcism and divine water.
1645. Demon Soul,4.8
#Your soul is that of a demon even if your body is not. You possess supernatural abilities on a demonic level, channeling infernal power through a mortal vessel. Some of your powers may be sealed and require unlocking, and Angel Soul users can counter you directly.
1646. Demonic Avian Physiology,4.2
#You are or can become a demonic bird, whether a bird born of Hell or an infernal spirit trapped in avian form. You possess flight alongside potent demonic abilities and an intimidating presence. Still vulnerable to holy powers, and corruption may take you easier than other birds.
1647. Demonic Beast Physiology,4.9
#You are or can become a demonic beast, an animal of infernal origin with supernatural size and abilities beyond any natural creature. You don't die from age or disease and must be killed through specific means. Some demonic beasts carry bestial instincts that can override your reason.
1648. Demonic Beauty,4.1
#You possess a supernatural beauty in your demonic form that captivates mortal eyes. In your true form, however, your beauty is so intense and otherworldly that mortals cannot bear to look upon you without suffering harm. A double-edged gift, depending on which face you wear.
1649. Demonic Cat Physiology,3.1
#You are or can transform into a demonic cat, gaining feline agility, reflexes and senses alongside minor demonic traits like unholy claws and resistance to mundane harm. Vulnerable to demon slayers and feline manipulators.
1650. Demonic Cyclops Physiology,4.0
#You are or can transform into a demonic cyclops, combining giant-class strength and durability with hellish traits. Your single eye may hold demonic sight abilities. Demon slayers remain a threat, but precious few things will survive a swing from a demon cyclops fist.
1651. Demonic Dinosaur Physiology,5.3
#You are or can transform into a demonic dinosaur, fusing the raw primal power of prehistoric beasts with hellish supernatural conditioning. Rare and terrifying even among demon-kind, you gain enhanced physical stats and demonic abilities on top of whatever dinosaur form you take.
1652. Demonic Divinity,7.8
#You possess the demonic form of Divinity, granting you raw godly power through an infernal lineage or transformation. You are a divine demonic being by nature - a dark god with dominion over both demonic and divine aspects, wielding authority that rivals transcendent demons. Countered only by divine/demonic slayers and power negation.
1653. Demonic Fairy Physiology,4.4
#You possess the traits of a demonic fairy, the malignant cousin of nature spirits from old pagan lore. You combine fey magic - glamour, enchantment, traditional fairy tricks - with demonic malevolence. Vulnerable to cold iron, rustic charms and divine relics alike.
1654. Demonic Giant Physiology,5.8
#You are or can transform into a demonic giant, combining the raw physical might of a giant with the monstrous supernatural power of a demon. Many demonic giants rank on par with giant lords and transcended giants - you are the kind of being cultures build myths around, like the Nephilim of biblical lore.
1655. Demonic Insect Physiology,3.6
#You are or can transform into a demonic insect, inheriting the traits of both insect and demon - chitinous durability, hive instincts, uncanny reflexes, and whatever hellish abilities you've developed. Small forms make for terrifying infiltrators.
1656. Demonic Monster Physiology,5.2
#You are or can transform into a Demonic Monster, a creature born of hellish essence. Your form is grotesque and powerful, granting immense physical capabilities and a demonic nature, though the specifics vary with the monster in question. Vulnerable to angelic and divine forces, and in your full monstrous form you may lose your higher cognitive functions to beastly instinct.
1657. Demonic Name,6.2
#Your very name carries infernal weight, and those who speak it aloud unknowingly invoke demonic phenomena. Speaking your name can summon or banish demonic agents, infuse the speaker with demonic power, trigger dark miracles, or even force future knowledge from the demons you are tied to. Reckless use of your name by others can damn them, and you must tread carefully as demons are habitual liars.
1658. Demonic Plant Physiology,5.4
#You have the traits of a demonic plant or a malevolent nature spirit twisted by infernal influence. You embody the dark counterpart to benevolent nature, your body a fusion of plant matter and demonic essence with all the strengths and evils of both. Vulnerable to exorcisms, divine magic, and anti-demon techniques, and you may die if the plant you are tied to is destroyed.
1659. Demonic Power Immunity,5.1
#You are immune to demonic powers and effects, capable of shrugging off hellfire, infernal curses and dark influences with ease. This makes you uniquely equipped to go toe-to-toe with demons on their own terms, though you are still perfectly vulnerable to divine powers and sufficiently transcendent demons may still get through.
1660. Demonic Power Link,4.6
#Your demonic nature is linked directly to your powers, fueling and amplifying them with its infernal essence. Your abilities grow stronger as your demonic nature grows stronger, and any power you wield is given an unholy edge. If your demonic nature becomes unstable, however, your powers may spiral out of your control.
1661. Demonic Presence,4.8
#Your mere presence warps the area around you, causing sinister and strange effects influenced by your mood, demonic type, and infernal rank. Your aura can torment minds, darken weather, twist emotions, and corrupt the environment, all without you lifting a finger. Divine Presence will actively push yours back in most cases.
1662. Demonic Shark Physiology,4.6
#You are or can transform into a demonic shark, blending the predatory perfection of an apex ocean hunter with the unholy might of a demon. Your teeth tear through flesh and soul alike, and your senses and hunting instincts become terrifyingly sharp in the water.
1663. Demonic Snake Physiology,4.7
#You are or can transform into a demonic snake, a serpent born of Hell or an evil spirit trapped in ophidian form. Western culture already considers snakes unholy, and your form embraces that fully with venomous bite, unsettling presence, and demonic traits to boot. May carry bestial instincts that cloud your judgement.
1664. Demonic Source,4.8
#You possess a source of demonic power within you, whether through ancestry, transformation, vessel-hood, or theft from another demon. This infernal wellspring feeds any and all demonic abilities you may develop and marks you as a being of Hell. Weak around holy lands, items and entities, and demonic slayers will mark you as prey.
1665. Demonic Spider Physiology,4.6
#You are or can transform into a demonic spider, a creature of webs, venom and unholy intent. Your many eyes, fangs and spinnerets all carry demonic properties, and your webs can trap both body and soul. Deeply unsettling to behold and terrifying to fight.
1666. Demonic Symbiosis,5.6
#Allows you to host demonic beings within your body, gaining their powers in exchange. You can host anything from lesser devils to full-blown archdemons, with your capabilities scaling accordingly. The fusion comes with a price — erosion of mind and body over time, and a constant risk of long-lasting corruption from your passenger's influence.
1667. Demonic Ugliness,3.6
#You are so hideous in a deeply unnatural way that it warps the world around you. Weak-willed onlookers are driven to fear or madness, and prolonged exposure causes inanimate objects to rot and decay. Angelic beauty directly counters your aura.
1668. Demonic Vampire Physiology,5.5
#You are a hybrid of demon and vampire, whether by birth, conversion or possession. You possess the raw physical supremacy and regeneration of a vampire alongside the hellish powers and immortality of a demon. Unfortunately you also share the weaknesses of both, and holy forces hit you twice as hard.
1669. Demonic Wings,4.2
#You possess one or more pairs of demonic wings that grant you flight, the ability to teleport between planes, and act as a conduit for your infernal power. In some fantasies, losing your wings would strip you of your immortality entirely.
1670. Demonic-Alien Physiology,5.7
#You are or can transform into a demonic alien, a cosmic horror cut from hellish cloth. You possess the otherworldly biology and adaptability of an alien alongside the raw supernatural might of a demon. Shares the weaknesses of both and is outclassed by angelic aliens.
1671. Demonic-Undead Physiology,5.6
#You are a fusion of demon and undead, your presence deeply corrupt and unnatural. You specialize in wielding unholy and necrotic energies together for devastatingly destructive effect. Holy powers and rituals are especially potent against you, and some hybrid types still require blood or flesh to sustain themselves.
1672. Dense Muscles,2.8
#Your muscle fibers are far denser than those of a regular person, granting you higher base strength, toughness and some elasticity. You weigh considerably more than you look though, which may be an issue for boats and scales.
1673. Density Infinitum,6.3
#Your density passively, endlessly increases for as long as you exist, constantly making you stronger, tougher and heavier. Given enough time you become unmovable, but you'll also need complementary powers to stop yourself from falling through the floor, then through the planet, then through space itself.
1674. Dependency Transcendence,6.4
#You transcend your dependencies on things, food, water, oxygen, sleep, training, even conceptual and metaphysical requirements. You can simply keep going without them. Note that transcending the need for oxygen does not make you immune to being choked, it just means a lack of air won't kill you.
1675. Derivation,7.8
#You are the Prime Source of a specific concept, the foundational wellspring from which that abstract exists. As long as you live, the concept flows from you, but if you die the concept itself unravels alongside you. Sources normally have no form of their own and may require a host to channel their overwhelming output.
1676. Dermal Armor,3.5
#Your body possesses innate armor as a natural part of you, whether scales, thick hide, bone nodules beneath the skin, or simply dense muscle and bone. You are resistant to physical harm, pain and temperature extremes, but the heavier it gets, the harder it is to swim.
1677. Desert Adaptation,2.3
#Your body is perfectly suited to desert environments, both hot and cold. You can go far longer without food or water, tolerate extreme heat and sudden cold nights, shrug off blowing sand and may even develop coloration matching the sands around you.
1678. Desire Embodiment,7.4
#You are the personification of all desire and fulfillment, holding absolute power within the realm of craving, longing and emotional need. Others cannot help but covet you, envy you, and aspire to whatever you represent, which makes forming genuine relationships almost impossible.
1679. Despair Embodiment,7.3
#You are the living incarnation of despair, feeding on the hopelessness of everyone and everything around you, including your own. You can convert despair into raw energy, wield it as a weapon, and may never age or die unless a very specific condition is met.
1680. Destiny Aspect Manifestation,6.4
#You are the manifestation of one specific aspect of fate itself, an individual facet of how destiny shapes the world and existence. You may have to share your domain with other aspects of fate or be forced to work alongside them whether you want to or not.
1681. Destruction Embodiment,7.8
#You are destruction itself, the concept given flesh. Your presence alone is ruinous, and you outperform any other being at the act of destroying, your very thoughts and breath acts of annihilation. May be opposed by embodiments of creation, and you may feel compelled to destroy without regard for consequence.
1682. Destruction Empowerment,4.2
#You grow stronger, faster and more durable the more destruction occurs around you. Battlefields, collapsing buildings and ruined cities feed you energy, sharpen your reflexes and may even halt your aging. Creators and protectors can weaken the effect.
1683. Destruction Power Link,5.4
#Your destructive aspect is linked to all your other powers, feeding and strengthening them through the act of erasure. The more you destroy, the more your abilities flourish, but if the erasure ever becomes unstable your powers may go wild. Creators may be able to sever the link.
1684. Destruction Symbiosis,5.8
#You host a destructive entity within you, some manifestation of annihilation, erasure or negation. Through this bond you gain profound powers over unmaking. However, the entity may attempt to take over, and harbouring such a being is dangerous in itself.
1685. Destructive Countenance,6.6
#Your face, your true form, causes destruction the moment it is seen. Revealing your countenance can range from cracking walls to utterly devastating entire landscapes depending on how much you unveil. Absolute Immortals and Flawless Indestructibles are unaffected.
1686. Destructive Presence,6.3
#Your mere presence causes destruction. Walls crack as you pass, ground splits beneath your feet, and unlucky bystanders find their possessions crumbling just from sharing a room with you. The strength of the effect scales with your power.
1687. Destructive Source,9.1
#You are the source of all destruction in existence. Every act of breaking, every crumbling ruin, every annihilated star flows from you. All destructive forces and powers are yours to command absolutely. If you ever die, destruction itself ceases to exist everywhere, creating absolute peace. You cannot escape the role without passing it to another.
1688. Determination Embodiment,6.5
#Undertale - You are the living embodiment of determination, able to accomplish anything you set your will to no matter how impossible or dire the situation. You refuse to give up, and reality tends to bend under that refusal. Without something to be determined about you cannot use this power, and high-level fear manipulators can shake your resolve.
1689. Determined Strength,4.6
#You fight at full strength no matter how badly you are injured. Missing limbs, massive blood loss, mortal wounds, none of it slows you down until the fight is over. Unlike Survival Empowerment, you don't grow stronger near death, you simply never weaken. Push too hard and you may still die at the end of it.
1690. Deva Physiology,7.8
#You are or can become a Deva, a celestial spirit that watches over natural forces. As a Deva, you possess immense spiritual power and dominion over fundamental forces of the universe such as evolution, comparable to an Archangel in the celestial hierarchy. Your mere presence carries the weight of a being that is one with the cosmos.
1691. Devil Monkey Physiology,2.6
#You are or can transform into a Devil Monkey, an aggressive cryptid primate from North American folklore. You possess cunning far beyond a normal animal, primate-like agility, sharp claws and fangs, and a frenzied shrieking presence that terrifies prey. Still a mortal creature though, you can be killed as easily as any other monkey.
1692. Absolute Dexterity,7.4
#Your dexterity is boundless and godlike, there is no movement too precise or delicate for you to execute flawlessly. You cannot lose your balance through any means short of reality manipulation, you can perform feats of accuracy that defy physical possibility, and your coordination is so perfect that the concept of clumsiness cannot touch you.
1693. Enhanced Dexterity,2.3
#Your physical control and coordination is far beyond any peak athlete. You can juggle flawlessly, slip through laser grids, navigate hazardous terrain while keeping perfect balance, and move your fingers and toes with exceptional finesse. Tendon strain and clumsiness are things of the past, though you can still injure your joints if you push too hard.
1694. Supernatural Dexterity,4.6
#Your dexterity is glaringly, obviously above the natural level of your world. You control your limbs, muscles and digits with a precision no mortal athlete could ever achieve through training, allowing you to pull off maneuvers that would be flat-out impossible for anyone of your species.
1695. Peak Human Dexterity,1.8
#Your coordination is at the absolute peak of what a regular human can achieve. You can keep perfect balance, juggle without dropping, slip through tight spaces, and even stand upright on unstable moving surfaces with practice. You are essentially incapable of being clumsy, though your dexterity does not cross into the superhuman.
1696. Dhampir Physiology,5.2
#You are a dhampir, a half-vampire hybrid that possesses most of the strengths of a full vampire without the crippling weaknesses. You have enhanced physical abilities, supernatural senses and a potent healing factor. You may still crave blood and grow weaker without it, but you can subsist on human food and sunlight does not burn you away.
1697. Dhole Physiology,1.9
#You are or can transform into a dhole, the whistling Asian wild dog. You possess heightened canine senses, pack-hunter instincts, enhanced stamina and the agility of a natural predator. Your senses can be overwhelmed by sensory overload though.
1698. Dice Mimicry,3.2
#You are or can transform into dice, either retaining your anatomy made of dice or becoming homogenous cube matter. Not invulnerable, dice can still be melted or crushed, and users of plastic or object manipulation will have a field day with you.
1699. Dieselpunk Physiology,4.6
#Your body is built on dieselpunk principles, a retro-futuristic fusion of interwar diesel technology and mechanical marvels. Your physical capabilities are greatly enhanced and your body houses integrated machinery, but you need to regularly refuel on coal, petroleum or similar stock or you will grind to a halt.
1700. Digestive System Mimicry,3.6
#Your body is or can become a living digestive system, whether a giant stomach or a fully assembled tract complete with esophagus and intestines. You are a literal eating machine, but you are also vulnerable to gastrointestinal distress and digestive diseases like never before.
1701. Digestive Waste Mimicry,2.2
#Your body is made of or can transform into digestive waste, either retaining your anatomy in excremental form or becoming homogenous muck. You reek, you can be melted by heat, and cold abilities will make you brittle, but at least you are hard to bring yourself to hit.
1702. Digestive Waste Monster Physiology,3.3
#You are or can transform into a digestive waste monster, a hulking horror of filth and excrement with enhanced physical abilities. You give off a terrible smell, especially when burned, and heat-based attacks will melt chunks off you.
1703. Digging Implement Mimicry,1.7
#You are or can transform into a digging implement like a shovel or trowel, either anatomically identical made of shovel material or homogenous tool matter. Your durability depends on what you're made of, and you may not be able to change back.
1704. Digital Empowerment,3.3
#The more digital data around you, the stronger, faster and tougher you become. In a server room or data center you are a monster, but strand you in the wilderness and you are just a regular person. You may even draw sustenance from raw data.
1705. Digital Form,5.7
#You can transform your body into pure electronic data, allowing you to travel through cyberspace and enter any device that runs on electricity. While digitized you can pilot machines from the inside and even hijack supercomputers. Vulnerable to EMPs, strong magnetic fields and anti-tech countermeasures.
1706. Digital Power Link,4.0
#Your powers are linked directly to your data/digital nature, with your internal data stream acting as their fuel and control system. This allows you to push your abilities to higher levels than normal, but unstable data or digital negation can cripple you entirely.
1707. Digital Regeneration,4.1
#Your body regenerates by weaving digital data into itself, with healing speed scaling to how much data you have access to. In a data-rich environment you can recover from grievous wounds in seconds, while in a dead zone you heal no faster than a normal human.
1708. Digital Soul,5.5
#Your soul is composed of digital ectoplasm rather than ordinary spirit-stuff. This grants you innate data manipulation, digital perception and the ability to exist in or above the digital world, and your soul is easily stored, letting you inhabit mechanical bodies at will. Electromagnetic waves can disrupt or even kill you.
1709. Digital Symbiosis,4.7
#You host a digital being inside your body, be it an AI, a sentient program or a living computer virus. The symbiote grants you technological and data-based powers, but it may try to take over your mind and body, and prolonged symbiosis can corrupt the host from within.
1710. Digitigrade Legs,1.5
#Your legs are built for digitigrade locomotion, walking on the balls of your feet like a cat or a wolf. You move faster and more quietly than most people, and your stance gives you a natural spring when running or jumping.
1711. Digitless Interaction,1.2
#You have no visible fingers or toes, yet your hands and feet function as if you did. Your smooth palms can still grip, type and manipulate objects with full dexterity, though fine tasks requiring real fingertips may be slightly clumsier.
1712. Diligence Empowerment,3.9
#You grow stronger, faster and tougher the more diligently you apply yourself to a task, and you draw further strength from the diligence of others around you. As long as you are committed to something with real effort, your powers climb steadily higher. Abandoning the task saps it all away.
1713. Dimensional Adaptation,4.2
#Your body naturally adapts to the atmosphere, gravity, temperature and exotic phenomena of any dimension you find yourself in. Walking into a crushing gravity well or a toxic plane is a matter of a few uncomfortable seconds before your body adjusts.
1714. Dimensional Empowerment,4.3
#You grow stronger, faster and more durable while within a specific dimension tied to your affinity, unlocking related abilities and boosting any powers you already have. Some draw sustenance from the place itself or age slower there, but away from that dimension you are noticeably weaker.
1715. Dimensional Independence,6.6
#You are not bound to the three spatial dimensions. You can move through time and across dimensions freely, perceiving things from angles no 3D being could, and walking around obstacles that would trap anyone else. You can still be struck by attacks in motion, and a lower-dimensional object impaling you can pin you in time and place.
1716. Dimensional Mimicry,7.4
#Your body is itself a dimensional realm, either from birth or through transformation. You retain your shape and sentience, but your flesh is now a living pocket-world containing its own space and laws. You are incredibly vast in scale and potential, but vulnerable to dimensional destruction and sentience removal.
1717. Dimensional Power Link,5.7
#Your powers are fueled by and linked to dimensions themselves, allowing the dimensional energy to strengthen and stabilize your abilities. The stronger or more stable the dimensions you are tapped into, the greater your powers, although unstable dimensions may cause your abilities to spiral out of control.
1718. Dimensional Survival,5.2
#You can survive in any alternate dimension or universe, no matter how hostile its physics, mathematics, matter or energy are to your native existence. Realms never meant for mortal beings let you breathe just fine, although particularly alien aspects may still affect you and extended stays may wear you down.
1719. Dimensional Transcendence,8.9
#You have ascended beyond all dimensional levels on a conceptual and existential level. Lower dimensional beings cannot harm you at all, your immunities cannot be bypassed except by equals or those above you, and you can manipulate lower dimensions at will. Still encompassed by users of Unity and Pan-Dimensional Physiology.
1720. Dimensional Transformation,4.6
#Whenever you travel to a different dimension, your form automatically transforms to match it, sometimes adopting its qualities, sometimes becoming something entirely new. The transformation is randomized and you may have different abilities in each form, taking time to adapt to them.
1721. Dingo Physiology,2.1
#You are or can transform into a dingo. You gain the instincts, senses and hunting prowess of the Australian wild dog. Vulnerable to users of Canine or Animal Manipulation who can order you around.
1722. Dino-Dragon Physiology,6.6
#You are or can transform into a prehistoric dragon, a beast with the primal instincts and raw killing skill of a dinosaur fused with the supernatural and magical might of a true dragon. You are a terror in both combat and the hunt, with the vicious savagery of the ancient world backing every breath.
1723. Dinosaur Monster Physiology,5.7
#You are or can transform into a dinosaur monster, a kaiju-tier beast with the physical stats to match. Your strength, durability and destructive potential are all massively amplified, but your sheer size makes stealth almost impossible and coexisting with ordinary humans a constant challenge.
1724. Dinosaur Physiology,3.8
#You possess the traits, attributes and abilities of dinosaurs, or can transform into one. You gain enhanced physical stats, natural weaponry and keen predatory senses, though your overall size remains closer to your base form rather than the true scale of the prehistoric beast.
1725. Dinosauroid Physiology,3.6
#You are or can transform into a dinosauroid, a humanoid dinosaur with two arms, two legs and a distinctly saurian body. You possess enhanced physical stats, natural armor, claws and a tail, while still retaining the dexterity of a humanoid frame.
1726. Dip Physiology,4.1
#You are the Dip, the black hound of Catalan myth, lame in one paw and hungry for the blood of drunkards. You possess enhanced physical abilities, demonic resilience and a terrifying presence in the night. Your bite drains the blood of your victims and the alcohol in their veins only makes them more appealing to you.
1727. Dirtiness Empowerment,2.7
#You become stronger, faster and more durable the filthier you or your surroundings are. Mud, grime, stench and rot all fuel you, and at high levels you may even draw sustenance from the muck itself. Anything that cleans you weakens you.
1728. Disability Compensation,3.5
#You develop supernatural powers that compensate for a disability you possess, a blind user may gain enhanced hearing and sixth sense, a deaf user may gain vibration sensing and so on. The trade is real, and curing the disability may cost you the power it granted.
1729. Disability Recovery,4.0
#You can recover from any disability or disabling injury, whether physical or mental. Given enough time, nothing short of outright death keeps you down, lost limbs regrow, shattered minds heal. The more severe the condition, the longer the recovery takes.
1730. Disability-Based Immunity,3.3
#Your disability grants you immunity to certain effects tied to the sense or faculty you lack. A blind user cannot be affected by hypnotic gazes, a deaf user is immune to siren songs and sonic attacks. Cure the disability and the immunity goes with it.
1731. Disc Empowerment,1.7
#You become stronger, faster and more durable when in contact with discs, whether they be records, frisbees or energy constructs. A very niche affinity, but very strong if you build your life around a DJ booth.
1732. Discipline Embodiment,6.2
#You are the living embodiment of discipline itself, the idea that mankind must master itself and its environment for the sake of progress. You naturally excel at research, training and self-mastery, and your presence inspires order, innovation and urbanization wherever you go. The more disciplined the civilization around you, the stronger you become.
1733. Discomfort Immunity,2.8
#You are immune to all forms of physical discomfort: itching, burning, nausea, stinging, swelling, none of it bothers you. Pain still hits normally though, and you may dangerously ignore symptoms that are actually life-threatening warnings.
1734. Discord Empowerment,3.5
#You grow stronger, faster, and more durable the more conflict and disagreement surrounds you. A tense room gives you a buzz, a full-blown war can push you to superhuman levels. Some users can draw sustenance from strife itself and slow their aging as long as the world stays divided.
1735. Discovery Empowerment,4.1
#Every discovery you make, whether a new place, a hidden truth, or an unknown fact, empowers you physically and unlocks new capabilities. Pain fades when you are on the hunt for something new. If you get angry enough while driven by curiosity, you can even briefly negate another's powers.
1736. Discrimination Embodiment,6.5
#You are the living embodiment of discrimination, feeding on hatred, misconception and misery. You are a slow-acting corruption, whispering promises of superiority to the weak-minded and turning communities against each other. Vulnerable to Good Embodiment and Love/Purification powers, and powerless against the truly omnibenevolent.
1737. Disease Immunity,3.1
#Your immune and digestive systems are enhanced far beyond the human norm, making you completely immune to every disease from bacteria, viruses and parasites. Poisons and toxins still affect you normally, and you may still carry pathogens on your skin and clothes and pass them to others.
1738. Disease Mimicry,5.0
#You can transform your body fully or partially into one composed of diseases, illnesses and viruses. You retain your shape and organs but become a living plague, difficult to injure conventionally and capable of infecting anything that touches you. Healing powers aimed at disease may be lethal to you.
1739. Disease Symbiosis,4.6
#Your body is home to a colony of intelligent pathogens that grant you power in exchange for shelter. You gain enhanced physique, infection abilities and minor shapeshifting as the symbiotes reshape your flesh. They will defend your life fiercely, but their weaknesses become yours, and a strong-willed strain may try to take the wheel.
1740. Disembodied Activity,4.1
#You can continue to move and act even without a body, your severed head still barking orders or a stray hand still crawling along the floor. Each piece retains its share of your will. You can still die if the remaining pieces are destroyed, so losing too much of yourself is still fatal.
1741. Disembodied Intelligence,4.8
#You exist without a body, a bodiless consciousness able to learn, understand and reason with sharp intellect. Being incorporeal means many physical threats cannot touch you, but interacting with the material world requires possessing a vessel or using other powers to manifest.
1742. Disgust Embodiment,6.3
#You are the living embodiment of disgust itself, feeding off every cringe, every gag, every revulsion within your range. You convert disgust into energy to fuel your abilities and extend your lifespan, and you may be immune to death so long as disgust exists in the world. Without disgust, you are weakened considerably.
1743. Disgust Empowerment,3.9
#You grow stronger, faster and more durable the more disgust surrounds you, whether yours or others. Being in a filthy slum or provoking revulsion in a crowd powers you up considerably. In a sterile, pleasant environment you are effectively just a regular person.
1744. Dispersed Mind,4.5
#Your consciousness is not confined to your brain but distributed across your entire body, so even catastrophic brain damage cannot fully kill you. As long as a few scraps of your physical form remain intact, you can be resuscitated from them, your core self reassembling from whatever survived.
1745. Disposition Embodiment,8.9
#You are the living embodiment of alignment itself, encompassing good and evil, law and chaos, order and entropy, inevitability and necessity all at once. You cannot be considered moral or immoral, you exist outside of alignment entirely. Beings of pure alignment treat you as kin, and concepts of ethics bend around your presence.
1746. Distortion Empowerment,4.2
#You grow stronger, faster and tougher in the presence of distortions, drawing sustenance and power from any warping of reality around you. In a battlefield already riddled with contortive effects, you may even slow your aging.
1747. Distortion Power Link,4.8
#Your distorted nature is hardwired into your powers, fueling and strengthening them. The more twisted your essence becomes, the more potent your abilities get, though an unstable distortive core can send everything spiraling out of control.
1748. Div Physiology,5.4
#Persian Mythology - You are a Div, a vicious spirit taking the form of an animalistic human with large horns, boar-like fangs and deadly claws. You are a prolific shapeshifter, immensely strong, delight in cruelty and possess a ravenous appetite for human flesh. You are weakened during the day as a nocturnal spirit.
1749. Divided Mind,3.8
#Your mind houses multiple distinct personalities, each with their own temperament and possibly their own abilities, all born from some unknown cause or past trauma. Some may be passive, some aggressive, and each may emerge at different times. Keeping control over who is in the driver's seat is not always easy.
1750. Divine Adaptation,7.3
#Your body and soul can adapt to divine powers and effects, allowing you to withstand angelic might, trade blows with deities and endure supernatural environments that would instantly annihilate a mortal. The stronger the god or angel, the longer adaptation takes, and no amount of adaptation will let you tank an omnipotent being.
1751. Divine Authority,8.0
#You are a divine being with the authority to rule, enforce laws and make decisions that cannot be disobeyed by those beneath your hierarchy. Your dominion covers every being within your divine station, and at higher levels you can elevate subjects by granting them limited authority of their own.
1752. Divine Beast Physiology,6.6
#You are or can transform into a Divine Beast, a supernatural animal of divine origin with vastly enhanced size, strength and natural abilities. You do not die of age or disease and must be killed by specific means, and many of your powers deal with nature and the natural world. You may carry bestial instincts along with the divinity.
1753. Divine Body Parts,6.2
#You possess one or more divine body parts, each granting powers tied to its nature and function. A divine eye grants divine sight, a divine arm grants divine strength, and so on. These parts are bound to you by nature, but if severed and taken, the thief inherits their power along with a lingering connection to you.
1754. Divine Giant Physiology,5.9
#You are a divine giant, born of godly union or suffused with divine power, placing you firmly in the tier of demigods and far above ordinary giant lords. Your strength, size, and divine abilities are staggering, but you still rank below true gods and remain vulnerable to both giant slayers and divine slayers.
1755. Divine Machine Physiology,6.9
#You are a bionic being of divine origin, a machine infused with unfathomable holy power. Your body possesses abilities far beyond any mundane machine and you effectively stand as a god of technology, blending transcendent divinity with mechanical precision. Vulnerable only to divinity nullification.
1756. Divine Name,6.7
#Your name itself carries divine power. Speaking it aloud can call upon benevolent miracles, infuse the speaker with divine force, trigger divine interventions, or even summon an avatar of a god. Most users are known only by titles to prevent misuse, as the name can become dangerous in the wrong mouth and blasphemous to utter.
1757. Divine Power Immunity,6.8
#You are immune to divine powers and effects, allowing you to withstand godly assaults and trade blows with deities. More powerful gods may be harder to resist entirely, and you are not immune to the powers of omnipotent beings.
1758. Divine Presence,5.0
#You emit a transcendent presence that produces supernatural effects on those around you based on your divine aspect and mood. Your mere existence can inspire awe, fear, peace, or ruin. Inexperienced users may cause unintended damage simply by being there.
1759. Divine Spark,5.6
#You carry a divine spark within your soul, a fragment of true divinity that grants you demigod-tier supernatural powers. With faith and dedication the spark can grow and ascend, reconnecting you to the divine source it came from. The spark can, however, be stolen.
1760. Divine Spirit Physiology,6.7
#You are a divine spirit, a being of pure holiness whose very existence teems with divine power beyond natural law. Your miraculous nature lets you affect almost anything by will alone, shaping reality as a being of light and sanctity. Vulnerable to Divine Slayer effects unless your soul is Eternal.
1761. Divinity,7.0
#You are a divine being by nature, possessing divinity and the immense power that comes with it. This can come from divine ancestry, faith, channeling a god's soul, ascension through evolution, or simply being born a deity. The exact level and form scales with your character and nature, but at baseline you stand head and shoulders above mortal existence.
1762. Djieien Physiology,3.6
#Allows you to transform into or be a Djieien, a monstrous six-foot spider. You cannot be killed by conventional means because your heart is hidden away, buried underground in a safe location. Of course, if anyone ever finds your heart, you die just as easily as any mortal.
1763. Djinni Physiology,4.8
#Allows you to become a Djinni, an air-type jinn of Arabian myth with a body sharp as copper and as fluid as wind. You are a grand master of air manipulation because the element is literally part of you. You may, however, be bound to a receptacle such as a lamp, and whoever holds it may command wishes from you.
1764. Dobhar-Chú Physiology,4.2
#Allows you to transform into the Dobhar-Chú, the legendary mystical otter of Celtic myth. You gain immense aquatic prowess, unnatural speed in and out of water, and the predatory ferocity of a creature whose name translates to 'water hound'. Beginners may struggle to revert back.
1765. Dodo Physiology,0.6
#Allows you to transform into a dodo, an extinct flightless bird. Congratulations, you are now famously bad at surviving. Cute though.
1766. Dog Physiology,2.6
#Allows you to transform into or be a dog, gaining all the enhanced senses, loyalty, and endurance of a canine. Your sense of smell is the real prize here, letting you track by scent with terrifying accuracy. Unfortunately chocolate is now poisonous to you.
1767. Dogū Mimicry,3.8
#Japanese Mythology - Allows you to transform into a dogū, a clay idol from Jōmon-era Japan made as a protective effigy. You gain the idol's warding properties against illness and misfortune and may even induce fertility or good luck in those near you. Your ancient clay body may be fragile compared to modern materials.
1768. Dogfolk Physiology,3.2
#Allows you to transform into or be a dogfolk, a humanoid canine race from fantasy fiction. You gain enhanced senses, natural pack instincts, and the physical prowess of a canine warrior while retaining the dexterity and intellect of a human. Furry adjacent.
1769. Doll Mimicry,4.0
#Allows you to transform into a living doll, your body becoming porcelain, plastic, plush or wood while retaining all your organs and functions. You can modify your body as needed, swapping limbs or reshaping features, but may be vulnerable to heat, cold or a lack of batteries depending on your material.
1770. Dominant Activity,5.1
#You can perform actions without interruption, no matter what. Even if your body parts are divided, your mind fractured, your powers unstable or your properties actively fighting themselves, your actions go through cleanly. External and internal forces that would normally stop you mid-motion simply fail to.
1771. Dominant Genetics,6.2
#Your genes are supreme. Any trait or power you possess will override and dominate those of your partner, ensuring that your offspring inherit your physical appearance and abilities. Your own genetic code is also resistant to mutation, tampering or corruption, though skilled geneticists may still attempt to extract or erase your genes through direct intervention.
1772. Domsten Blob Physiology,3.6
#You are a Domsten Blob, a gray featureless blob-creature from Swedish UFO legend. You possess a near-unbreakable grip, frightening speed and a limited form of precognitive thought-reading that lets you dodge incoming attacks before they land. Your body lacks any distinct features or weak points, but loud noises disorient and harm you.
1773. Donestre Physiology,3.3
#You are a Donestre, a lion-headed humanoid monster from medieval folklore. You possess enhanced physical abilities befitting a predator and an unnatural charisma that allows you to welcome and beguile strangers with gifts and kind words. However, you are cursed with the compulsion to eventually devour those you befriend, mourning over their remains afterward.
1774. Doorway Embodiment,6.5
#You are the living embodiment of doorways, passages and thresholds. You can become a portal to anywhere, control who may or may not pass through any threshold in your presence, manifest barriers and exits at will, and exist as the very concept of transition between places. Your full power may require a 'key' tied to your existence to unlock.
1775. Doppelgeist,5.1
#Your body and soul exist as two separate entities, one physical and one spiritual, each operating independently with their own perspective. Your ghostly half can phase through walls and scout unseen, while your body remains capable of fighting and interacting with the world. The two halves must cooperate, and disagreements between self and self can be uniquely frustrating.
1776. Dorotabo Physiology,3.1
#You are a Dorotabo, a vengeful yokai born from the spirit of a rice farmer wronged by neglect. Your body is a rotting, three-fingered mud-covered corpse that rises each night to wail and haunt those who have ruined what was once tended. You possess supernatural endurance and a cursed wailing that disturbs the rest of the wicked. Vulnerable to divine magic and prayers.
1777. Dosojin Physiology,6.6
#You are a Dōsojin, a Japanese deity of boundaries, roads, travelers and protection. You watch over crossroads, villages and thresholds, blessing travelers with safe passage, warding off evil spirits and bestowing fertility and harmony upon those under your care. Your divine authority grants you dominion over borders and journeys, and all who pass through your domain fall under your watchful eye.
1778. Doubt Embodiment,7.3
#You are the living embodiment of doubt itself, feeding off the skepticism and uncertainty of everyone around you, even your own. You convert doubt into raw energy to fuel your lifespan or your attacks, and as long as doubt exists in the world you may never age or die. Weakened in absence of doubt, and strong embodiments of Hope can overpower you.
1779. Dough Mimicry,3.0
#Your body is made of dough, or can transform into it, ranging from pita to cookie to pasta. You retain your shape and can even reform after being torn, but fire, heat and rot can kill you just as easily as any baker.
1780. Dover Demon Physiology,3.2
#You possess the traits of the Dover Demon cryptid: a slender body, tendril-like fingers, glowing eyes and an oversized head. You gain unnatural reflexes and an unsettling presence, but your frail mortal body can be killed like any animal if someone catches you.
1781. Dracaenae Physiology,5.0
#Greek Mythology - You are or can transform into a Dracaena, a divine half-dragon nymph of Greek myth. You possess the serpentine lower body, the venomous bite, and the divine nymph essence, with all the beauty and danger that comes with it. Vulnerable to divine power negation and dragon slayers.
1782. Draconic Beast Physiology,5.7
#You are or can transform into a draconic beast, a natural animal empowered to supernatural scales with draconic heritage. You possess immense size, enhanced instincts, and beast-like draconic powers, and you do not age or sicken, though specific methods can still slay you.
1783. Draconic Immunity,5.1
#You are immune to all draconic forces, and no amount of dragon fire, lightning or breath can harm you. You may also be immune to the beneficial effects of dragon magic, and omni-absorption or immunity bypass can still get through.
1784. Draconic Intelligence,5.6
#Your mind has been transformed into that of a dragon, granting you augmented intelligence, cognition, and access to the ancient knowledge and wisdom of dragonkind. Some users become so reliant on this subconscious draconic thought process that they cannot function without it.
1785. Draconic Power Link,4.3
#Your draconic essence is intertwined with whatever other powers you possess, fueling them with raw dragon force. Every ability you wield becomes stronger, more versatile, and carries a distinctly draconic flavor, as if a dragon itself were channeling your techniques.
1786. Draconic Source,5.2
#You are a source of draconic power itself, whether by ancestry, soul, possession, or transformation. Your body naturally generates dragon energy that can be drawn upon for countless techniques, making you vulnerable to Dragon Slayers but marking you as a true descendant of the wyrms.
1788. Dragon Arm,4.6
#One of your arms is that of a dragon, granting you immense strength and durability focused in that limb, as well as the ability to fire projectiles of pure draconic energy from it. Anti-dragon powers can counter this directly, and the rest of your body remains merely mortal.
1789. Dragon Bird Physiology,5.0
#You possess the physiology of a dragon bird, a hybrid creature combining the traits of dragons and birds. You can fly with powerful wings, breathe draconic elements, and possess scales and talons, though anti-dragon and anti-avian abilities can both threaten you.
1790. Dragon Blood,4.8
#You possess the blood of dragons, whether through ancestry, ingestion, or transfusion, granting you the ability to replicate draconic powers. The exact blessings vary depending on the specific dragon your blood came from, and so do the weaknesses, including vulnerability to Dragon Slayers.
1791. Dragon Divinity,7.6
#You possess a draconic form of divinity that elevates you beyond mortal limitations. Your power is that of a Dragon God, immense and raw, and everything about you carries the weight of divine draconic authority. Divine Slayers and Dragon Slayers are the few threats that can truly harm you.
1792. Dragon Embodiment,7.2
#You are the physical incarnation of dragons themselves, the living manifestation of every wyrm concept. You can draw power from the life of dragons, weaponize draconic energy as blasts and constructs, transmute dragons into other forms, and even steal their life essence with a thought.
1793. Dragon Empowerment,4.2
#You grow stronger, faster, and more durable in the presence of dragons or draconic essence, possibly unlocking new abilities related to whichever dragon empowers you. Strong users can even slow their aging or draw sustenance directly from draconic presence.
1794. Dragon Fruit Mimicry,2.1
#Your body is made of dragon fruit, allowing you to transform partially or fully into the pink-fleshed tropical fruit. You can reform from scattered chunks but remain uncomfortably vulnerable to being eaten.
1795. Dragon Heart,5.7
#You possess the heart of a dragon, a biological reactor that generates enormous amounts of energy within your body. You gain draconic traits such as speaking in their tongue and breathing their flames, and with training you can harness as much of a connected dragon's power as it itself can wield.
1796. Dragon Monster Physiology,4.8
#You are or can transform into a dragon monster, a feral beast with an innate connection to draconic force. Larger and more savage than a typical dragon, you trade intellect for raw physical menace. Monster Slayers treat you as priority prey.
1797. Dragon Physiology Lesser,4.2
#You are or can transform into a lesser dragon, a dragon-like beast lacking the size and intellect of true ancient dragons. You are more animal than sage, driven by powerful instincts, but still possess scales, fangs, wings and a modest breath weapon.
1798. Dragon Physiology Superior,6.6
#You are or can transform into a superior dragon, a rare breed with an innate connection to supernatural powers beyond your race's normal limits. You are several times stronger and more intelligent than an ordinary dragon, developing abilities that other dragons simply cannot, like a metahuman among regular humans.
1799. Dragon Physiology Transcendent,8.3
#You are or can transform into a transcendent dragon of godly power, the absolute pinnacle of all draconic existence. No dragon, no matter how ancient or powerful, could ever hope to equal or overcome you. You are vulnerable only to transcendent weaponry and divine slayers.
1800. Dragon Physiology,5.9
#You possess the traits, attributes and abilities of a dragon, one of the most powerful and legendary creatures in myth. Whether European or Eastern in tradition, you gain scales that rebuff steel, a devastating breath weapon, flight and immense physical strength, alongside the innate magic that all dragons are said to carry in their bones.
1801. Dragon Slime Physiology,4.4
#You are or can transform into a dragon slime, a gelatinous being with the powers of a dragon packed into an amorphous body. You gain the reshaping, splitting and absorption traits of a slime alongside draconic breath, scales and magic, though you also inherit the weaknesses of both.
1802. Dragon Soul,5.6
#Your soul is that of a dragon, carrying draconic essence at its very core. You can draw upon this inner reserve to manifest wings of energy, exhale elements, and access an immense level of strength, and with enough focus you can even morph your body into a dragon form.
1803. Dragon Symbiosis,6.4
#You can host draconic beings within your body, ranging from ordinary dragons to draconic gods, gaining their powers in exchange for sharing your flesh. More powerful dragons may strain your body with their raw power, and corrupted hosts may find the dragon fighting for control.
1804. Dragon Turtle Physiology,5.2
#You are or can transform into a dragon turtle, a legendary Chinese creature combining a turtle's body with a dragon's head. You gain immense durability, longevity and aquatic prowess alongside draconic breath and magic, powerful enough to capsize ships, though the shell makes you undeniably slow.
1805. Dragonborn Physiology Transcendent,8.0
#You are a dragonborn of godly power, a dragon-hybrid ascended to divine status. You combine the versatility of a humanoid form with the cosmic might of a transcendent dragon, wielding powers no lesser dragonborn could ever grasp. Vulnerable only to transcendent weaponry and divine slayers.
1806. Dragonborn Physiology,5.3
#You are the offspring of a dragon and another species, a humanoid bearing draconic traits like scales, claws, horns and wings. You possess abilities similar to those of true dragons, including elemental breath and innate magic, but retain the adaptability of your humanoid form.
1807. Dragonman Physiology,5.4
#You are or can transform into a humanoid dragon, an anthropomorphic being with scales, horns, claws, fangs, wings and a tail. You keep the dexterity of a humanoid while gaining draconic strength and elemental abilities, often fire breath. Losing control may leave you acting as a mindless beast.
1808. Dragonwere Physiology,5.2
#You are a dragonwere, a true dragon that can take on a human or humanoid form. Unlike a weredragon, your dragon self is the real you, and your human shape is the disguise, granting you the raw power of a dragon with the freedom to walk among mortals.
1809. Drapet Physiology,4.6
#You are a Drapet, a ghostly horse demon of French folklore that lures children onto its back and lengthens its form to carry them away. You can stretch your body to impossible proportions, trap any who touch you, and vanish into the night. Vulnerable to cold iron, sunlight and religious relics.
1810. Draugr Physiology,5.0
#Norse Mythology - You are a draugr, an undead Viking warrior that retains its intelligence and delights in the suffering it causes. Your corpse-black flesh is unnaturally heavy and strong, and you wield the dark magic of the grave alongside a warrior's martial skill. Fire and iron are your bane.
1811. Dream Empowerment,3.8
#You grow stronger, faster, and more durable when exposed to dreams, whether your own or those of others nearby. Sleeping beings passively sustain you and may even slow your aging, and deep exposure can unlock new dream-related abilities.
1812. Dream Symbiosis,4.7
#You host a dream-based being within your body, gaining oneiric powers through the symbiosis. The being may be a benevolent spirit or a nightmarish entity, and as with all symbiosis there is always a price to be paid for the power it lends.
1813. Drill Mimicry,2.8
#You are or can transform into a drill, either partially growing spinning drill bits from your limbs or fully turning your body into a homogeneous drilling construct. Great for boring through walls, less great for hugs.
1814. Drink Mimicry,3.1
#You are made of or can transform into various beverages, your body becoming coffee, wine, soda or any other drink at will. Be extremely careful around thirsty people, being consumed may incapacitate or even kill you.
1815. Dromaeosaur Physiology,4.2
#You are or can transform into a dromaeosaur, a family of dinosaurs including Velociraptors, Deinonychus, Utahraptors and Dakotaraptors. You gain enhanced speed, pack-hunting instincts, sickle claws perfect for disemboweling prey, and the sharp predatory intelligence that made these theropods legendary hunters.
1816. Drone Mimicry,3.4
#You are or can transform into a drone, an unmanned aircraft. Your abilities and size depend on the type of drone you become, ranging from tiny surveillance quadcopters to large combat UAVs. Vulnerable to hackers and technology-stopping powers.
1817. Dropbear Physiology,3.6
#You are or can transform into a Dropbear, the mythical Australian monster envisioned as an abnormally large and aggressive koala that leaps from trees to maul unsuspecting hikers. Grants enhanced strength, leaping ability and predatory instincts. Still mortal though, so try not to get shot.
1818. Drowning Empowerment,3.2
#While drowning, you become stronger, faster and tougher, drawing power from the very act of suffocating underwater. Prolonged drowning may even slow your ageing, but you need to actually be drowning to benefit.
1819. Drude Spirit Physiology,4.6
#You are a Drude, a malevolent nocturnal hag-elf-demon of Germanic folklore tied to nightmares. At night you can slip into the dreams of sleepers to torment and feed on them, and your physical capabilities are far beyond human once the sun is down.
1820. Drum Mimicry,1.1
#You either are or can transform into a drum. Good luck moving around on your own while you are a drum.
1821. Dry Movement,2.6
#No matter how dried out your body gets, you can still move freely. Even as a desiccated husk or outright corpse you suffer no stiffness, friction or loss of agility.
1822. Dryad Physiology,4.1
#You are a dryad, a tree nymph bound to oak, ash, pine, poplar, apple or laurel. You can meld with your tree for sanctuary, command the plants around you and move with the grace of a forest spirit. As long as your tree lives, so do you.
1823. Dual Consciousness,6.6
#You possess two layers of consciousness at once: a higher awareness that can spread across cosmic distances and contemplate the vastness of existence, and a lower one that keeps exquisite control over your personal self. You can meditate on the stars while haggling in a market, and neither mind loses focus on the other.
1824. Dual Impregnability,8.7
#Your body and mind are both impregnable. Nothing physical can cut, crush, burn, poison or disintegrate you, and nothing psychic can enter, read, hypnotise or influence your mind. Your feelings, memories and secrets are a sealed vault. However, you are not immortal - soul-based attacks and direct death inducement can still end you since your impregnability does not extend to the soul.
1825. Dullahan Physiology,5.8
#You are a dullahan, the headless faerie herald of death from Celtic myth. You carry your own grinning, moldy-fleshed head under one arm, its enormous darting eyes seeing in every direction at once, and you ride a black steed with a whip of human spine in hand. Speaking the name of anyone you please marks them for death. Gold repels you - even a single pin is enough to drive you away.
1826. Dumpling Mimicry,2.8
#You can transform your body partially or fully into dumpling dough and filling. Soft, squishy, and surprisingly resilient, though being hungry around you becomes a hazard and your biggest fear is a really determined eater.
1827. Duppy Physiology,4.1
#You are a Duppy, a malevolent Caribbean spirit of either corrupted human origin or pure supernatural birth. You revel in chaos and misfortune, especially at night, with a gift for malicious pranks and murderous phenomena. Vulnerable to divine magic and rituals tied to Caribbean folklore.
1828. Durability Infinitum,7.4
#Your durability has no cap, increasing endlessly over time and training without any upper limit. Given enough time you could shrug off attacks that rend continents and eventually the unmaking of reality itself. Infinity Bypassing and Infinity Negation are the perfect counters.
1829. Absolute Durability,9.7
#You are immune to any and all kinds of damage, physical, spiritual, psychic or even conceptual. From the smallest atomic disturbance to the grandest omniversal devastation, nothing can harm you. Space-time alteration of any magnitude leaves you untouched, and your indestructibility transcends all normal physical limits.
1830. Enhanced Durability,3.5
#Your durability far surpasses the peak of your species, letting you shrug off falls from tens of thousands of feet, medium-scale explosions, and light to medium firearms. You can tank strikes and recoil that would pulp a normal person, but you are not invulnerable, and your eyes, organs and brain remain your weakest points.
1831. Invulnerability Durability,8.7
#You possess complete immunity to any conventional form of physical harm, regardless of type or magnitude. Damage Manipulation and Disease Manipulation targeting your physical integrity slide off without effect. Weak against Absolute Attack, Invulnerability Negation and non-physical attacks like telepathy or density/carbon manipulation.
1832. Supernatural Durability,5.4
#You are incredibly resistant to damage, able to withstand sizeable explosions, nuclear bombs, heavy arms fire, pressures from the deepest trenches, near-absolute zero cold and heat rivaling the sun's surface. Your stamina and pain tolerance scale with it, but you are not fully invulnerable and bypassing abilities can still get through.
1833. Durability-Based Strength,4.8
#Your strength is driven by your durability, your tough body naturally able to exert forces that would tear apart a weaker frame. The more unbreakable you become the harder you hit, letting you lift heavy materials and demolish regions. Vulnerable to Invulnerability Bypassing and Durability Negation.
1834. Peak Durability,2.6
#Your bodily tissues are denser and more resilient than any ordinary human's, at the absolute peak of human conditioning. You can survive falls from 200-foot buildings, tank a metal bat to the skull, endure brutal animal attacks and shrug off lightning-equivalent shocks. You still feel the pain, and explosions or gunshots remain lethal.
1835. Duration Empowerment,4.2
#The passing of time makes you stronger, faster, tougher and sharper. The longer an event, a fight, or even your life stretches on, the more empowered you become. Some users draw sustenance from time itself, slowing or halting their own aging entirely.
1836. Durian Mimicry,2.7
#You can transform your body partially or fully into durian flesh, spikes and all. Your spiked rind makes you hilariously painful to grab, and your smell alone can clear a room. Downside: you are edible, and some people actually like the smell.
1837. Dusk Embodiment,6.3
#You are the personification of dusk itself, the living breath of the sunset. You wield near-limitless control over the twilight hour, its long shadows and its fading golden light. Your power peaks in that brief window between day and night, and you pale against pure Day or Night Embodiments in their domains.
1838. Dust Mimicry,4.2
#You can transform your body fully into dust, letting you slip through the tightest crevices, clog electronics and evade most physical attacks. Air Manipulation is your worst nightmare, as a single strong breeze can scatter you across a city block.
1839. Dust Trail,0.4
#Wherever you walk, you leave behind a small trail of dust and dirt. Terrible for stealth, great for annoying your housemates.
1840. Dwarf Physiology,3.8
#You are a dwarf, or can transform into one. Short, stout, absurdly durable, and born with an instinctive feel for stone, metal and craft. Given a forge and enough time you can produce works fit for the gods, though you may find yourself needing a drink more often than most.
1841. Dyson Sphere Mimicry,7.6
#Your body is a Dyson Sphere, or can become one. You can siphon raw power directly from stars, your frame functioning as both a habitat and a weapon of cosmic scale, complete with surveillance systems and offensive capabilities beyond anything mortal tech can match. You need to stay near a star to function at full capacity.
1842. Eagle Physiology,2.6
#You are an eagle or can transform into one. Sharp eyes, sharper talons, and the ability to soar on thermals for hours. In a partial form you retain human reasoning with the raptor's instincts and vision.
1843. Ear Mimicry,1.1
#You are, or can become, a disembodied ear. You hear everything with painful clarity, which is both your greatest strength and your greatest weakness.
1844. Earless Perception,3.2
#You have no ears, yet you hear. Your hearing is not done through any organ, making you immune to deafness and any form of auditory attack. The way you perceive sound is fundamentally different from the ordinary sense, picking up things others never could.
1845. Earth Embodiment,8.5
#You are the embodiment of earth itself, the walking ground, the living stone. Your control over soil, rock, metal and mineral is nigh-absolute, and the earth beneath every foot on the planet answers to your will as naturally as your own body does.
1846. Earth Empowerment,3.2
#As long as you are in contact with earth, soil or stone, your physical abilities are significantly enhanced and any earth-related powers you possess are amplified. You can even draw sustenance from the ground, barely needing to eat so long as your feet touch dirt.
1847. Earth Soul,5.2
#Your soul itself is made of earth, an elemental core of living stone that can be manifested outside your body and channelled into geokinetic abilities. Such souls are typically possessed by elemental deities, nymphs and earthen spirits, making you something more than mortal.
1848. Easter Egg Mimicry,2.1
#Your body is made of or can transform into Easter eggs. You can become a homogenous mass of painted shells or keep your normal shape, though in either case you are rather fragile and prone to cracking.
1849. Echidna Physiology,2.0
#You are or can transform into an echidna, gaining their spiny defense, powerful digging claws and keen sense of smell. Surprisingly hardy for such a small and odd little creature.
1850. Echinoderm Monster Physiology,3.8
#You are or can transform into a monstrous echinoderm, taking on the form of a horrific starfish, sea urchin or sea cucumber beast. You gain regeneration beyond the norm, venomous spines and the ability to contort your body in ways that defy anatomy.
1851. Echinoderm Physiology,2.6
#You possess the traits and attributes of echinoderms such as starfish, sea urchins and sea cucumbers. You gain impressive regeneration, water vascular locomotion and defensive spines or hardened skin depending on which echinoderm you lean into.
1852. Ecopresence,7.8
#You simultaneously exist everywhere nature and ecosystems manifest, from the smallest moss patch to the greatest jungle. Wherever there is life and environment, you are there. An imbalance in nature may leave you stuck in place, and those who embody pollution can bind you.
1854. Ectoplasm Mimicry,4.8
#Your body is made of ectoplasm or can transform into it at will, taking the form of spectral matter that can ignore most physical interactions. You can stay anatomically like yourself or become a homogenous ghostly mass. Some users struggle to ever return to their original body once they let go.
1855. Edible Body,2.6
#Your body is made entirely of edible matter, from candy flesh to bread bones or whatever flavour you prefer. You may feel pain when bitten if you still have nerves, and eaten pieces do not grow back on their own.
1856. Eel Physiology,2.3
#You possess the body and traits of an eel, granting you a sinuous aquatic form, slippery skin and potentially an electric organ depending on the species. Fantastic underwater, awkward on land.
1857. Eelfolk Physiology,2.8
#You are of the eelfolk, a humanoid race with eel-like traits. You retain a bipedal form but gain sleek aquatic adaptations, serpentine grace and often an electric bite, making you equally at home in water and on land.
1858. Effect Variation,3.2
#The effects of your powers vary depending on external factors like weather, mood or time of day, shifting between elements or fluctuating in strength without your conscious input. Unpredictable but occasionally grants abilities you wouldn't normally have.
1859. Effective Activity,5.0
#Your movements, attacks and actions are always effective, landing where they need to land and dealing what they need to deal. Every swing connects, every dodge works, every manoeuvre pays off. Some beings can still resist and it may not work on targets well above your level.
1860. Efficient Body,3.9
#Your body is perfectly optimized, no wasted energy or effort anywhere. Every calorie is burned for maximum output, every muscle fiber pulls its weight, every breath oxygenates to the fullest. You won't surpass peak human without training, but you'll reach it with shockingly little effort and stay there forever.
1861. Efficient Power,4.7
#Whatever powers you possess are totally efficient, with absolutely no wasted energy or effort. You get the maximum possible output from every drop of energy spent and can wring full effectiveness out of even the most mediocre abilities. Stacks well with any other power you have.
1862. Effigy Empowerment,4.1
#You grow stronger, faster and tougher in the presence of effigies, drawing sustenance and even unlocking new abilities tied to what they represent. The more effigies around you, the more power you can draw. Without any to feed on, you may feel weakened.
1863. Egg Mimicry,3.5
#Your body is made of or can transform into egg. You retain your anatomy and organs but are composed entirely of yolk, white and shell. Extreme heat can cook or hatch you, and a heavy enough impact can crack you open, but you gain the ability to reform from any unbroken piece.
1864. Egg Monster Physiology,4.3
#You are or can transform into a monstrous living egg, a creature perpetually in an egg-like state. In this form you gain access to a wide variety of egg-based powers and abilities, from egg generation to hatching smaller creatures from yourself. Vulnerable to users of Egg or Monster Manipulation.
1865. Eggplant Mimicry,1.4
#Your body is made of or can transform into eggplants. You retain your anatomy and organs but are made of purple vegetable flesh. Beware of anyone who likes ratatouille.
1866. Elapidae Physiology,3.7
#You are or can transform into an elapid snake, a cobra, mamba, adder, sea snake or similar. You gain a flexible serpentine body, fangs that can deliver potent neurotoxic venom, and the reflexes of the fastest striking snakes on earth.
1867. Elastic Fat,1.9
#You have large amounts of body fat that is elastic like rubber. You can stretch, bounce and absorb impacts with it, though you may find your mobility affected by the sheer bulk. Stretching it too thin may compromise its armor value.
1868. Elastic Jaws,2.1
#Your jaws are incredibly flexible and can unhinge with ease, allowing you to open your mouth unnaturally wide. Useful for swallowing things whole, intimidating enemies and horror-movie grins. Your bite strength may be reduced as a tradeoff.
1869. Elastic Skin,1.9
#Your skin is incredibly elastic, able to stretch and deform to absurd lengths while keeping its texture and layered density. Only the skin though, everything underneath is still regular flesh and can still be cut.
1870. Elasticity,4.4
#One Piece - Your entire body is superhumanly elastic, able to stretch, twist, flatten, deform and contract. You can form your body into shapes, tools and constructs, and reflexively absorb blunt damage by stretching with the impact. Piercing and cutting attacks still hurt you normally and pain is very much still a thing.
1871. Elasticized Mind,3.9
#Your brain itself is elastic, able to stretch and expand its sensory and cognitive horizons, amplifying mental processes and thinking in directions the ordinary mind cannot reach. Overstretching burns you out hard, and repeated misuse can fry your mental faculties permanently.
1872. Elbow Witch Physiology,3.6
#Ojibwe Folklore - You take on the traits of an Elbow Witch, a man-eating hag-like monster with awls or knives lodged in your elbows. Your elbows are natural weapons capable of shredding flesh, and you gain the predatory hunger and physicality of the creature. You are not immune to your own blades and the folklore warns these creatures are easily tricked.
1873. Eldritch Connection,6.3
#You have a direct connection to eldritch sources, letting you borrow their power, manipulate eldritch energies, create or destroy abominations, and glean insights into the hidden patterns of reality. Prolonged exposure twists your mind and body, and many users become addicted, always reaching for more of the abyss.
1874. Eldritch Empowerment,5.0
#You are empowered by eldritch sources, becoming stronger, faster and more durable as your eldritch affinity grows. You may unlock further abilities tied to that affinity, enhance existing powers, and draw sustenance from yourself enough to slow or stop aging.
1875. Eldritch Parasite Physiology,5.6
#You are or can transform into an eldritch parasite, an astral or transcendent horror of Lovecraftian origin. You feed on hosts - sometimes their flesh, sometimes their thoughts, sometimes even conceptual sustenance. Without a host you may struggle to survive, and some subtypes require food neither the host nor its world can provide.
1876. Eldritch Power Link,5.1
#Your eldritch nature is directly linked to your other powers, fueling and strengthening them with Lovecraftian essence. Everything you cast runs hotter, stranger and more potent. If your eldritch nature becomes unstable, your abilities may spiral out of your control entirely.
1877. Eldritch Soul,6.6
#Your soul is that of an eldritch entity from beyond the known multiverse, granting you access to alien magics and causing subtle madness and dread in those who linger near you. Your body is still mortal however, and your soul remains vulnerable to those skilled in soul manipulation.
1878. Electric Capacitor,3.0
#Your body acts as a living capacitor, absorbing any electricity that touches you and storing it for later release. You can channel it back out whenever you want, making you a walking battery with a trigger.
1879. Electric Conductivity,3.3
#Your body safely conducts all forms of electricity, making you functionally immune to being shocked regardless of voltage. You can discharge current through conductive surfaces like metal or water, though you cannot actually generate electricity on your own.
1880. Electric Life,5.1
#Your life energy is electricity itself, the lightning in your body replacing your soul and the need for food. You cannot age and exist indefinitely as long as there is current to sustain you, although cutting you off from power sources entirely can be fatal.
1881. Electric Quintessence,5.7
#You generate your own electricity infinitely from within, never needing an external source to power your abilities. The infinite current can fuel your body, your techniques, or any technology you care to plug into, though handling too much at once can still overwhelm your physical form and force you into rest.
1882. Electrical Immunity,3.5
#You are completely immune to electricity, both direct and indirect. A downed power line feels like a tickle, lightning shrugs off your skin, and you can safely stick a fork in any outlet you like. Note that heat generated by electrical discharges can still hurt you.
1883. Electricity Embodiment,8.4
#You are the embodiment of electricity itself, holding supreme dominion over every bolt, spark, and current in existence. At absolute levels, you are the conceptual source of electricity across reality, storms answer to your moods and every dynamo hums your name.
1884. Electricity Empowerment,3.4
#When in contact with electricity you grow stronger, faster, and tougher, drawing power and even sustenance from any current around you. Storms, power lines, and fuse boxes all become personal gyms.
1885. Electricity Mimicry,5.3
#Your body is made of or can transform into pure electricity, becoming a coursing current of living lightning. Grounding, water, and rubber insulators are all serious hazards, and it takes practice to reliably reform into flesh.
1886. Electricity Resistance,2.8
#You are highly resistant to electricity, nearly invulnerable to both direct and indirect effects such as muscle seizing or cardiac arrest. Heat from powerful currents may still be an issue and there is an upper limit to how much you can shrug off.
1887. Electrolytic Blood,4.2
#Your blood is saturated with unstable ions and can transform from liquid into raw plasma energy when shed. A wound becomes a detonation and anything caught in the blast radius is obliterated. You can also absorb ambient electricity through your blood cells, using them as living batteries.
1888. Electromagnetic Capacitor,4.1
#Your body functions as a living electromagnetic battery, capable of absorbing ambient EM energy and storing it for later use. You can channel the stored reserves into any electromagnetic technique you possess, though storage capacity scales with your overall strength.
1889. Electromagnetic Energizing,4.0
#Your body absorbs ambient electromagnetic energy and converts it into bodily fuel, granting you superhuman physical performance as long as EM is present. In EM-rich environments you are a powerhouse, but a faraday cage will quickly starve you.
1890. Electromagnetic Quintessence,6.3
#Your body is an infinite wellspring of electromagnetic energy, generating its own EM without ever needing an external source. You can pour it into your physical and mental attributes, power any technology, or fuel any electromagnetic technique, though your body can only handle so much output at a time before requiring rest.
1891. Electromagnetic Wave Mimicry,5.6
#Your body is composed of or can transform into electromagnetic waves, letting you phase through solid matter, move at wave speeds, and reform elsewhere. In wave form you are vulnerable to anyone with electromagnetism manipulation, as they can reshape you directly.
1892. Electromagnetism Defiance,4.6
#You simply ignore electromagnetic forces and radiation. EMPs wash over you without effect, magnets do nothing, and even an EM manipulator's strongest attack slides off as if it were never there. Other forces still affect you normally, so a well-placed punch still gets the job done.
1893. Electromagnetism Empowerment,3.4
#You grow stronger, faster and more durable in the presence of electromagnetic fields and energy. Standing near power lines, electronics, or simply inside Earth's magnetic field keeps you empowered. With enough ambient EM you may even be able to feed off of it and slow your aging.
1894. Electromagnetism Immunity,4.3
#You are completely immune to electromagnetism, both direct and indirect effects. Electricity, magnetism, EM radiation and attacks from EM manipulators all wash off of you harmlessly. Extremely strong attacks from beings far above your level may still partially affect you.
1895. Electromagnetism Mimicry,5.4
#Your body is made of pure electromagnetic force, or can transform into it at will. In your EM form you are extremely difficult to harm by physical means, can flow through wires and circuits, and can fortify your physical body by channelling EM through your bones and muscles.
1896. Electroreception,2.4
#You can sense the electric fields of living beings and objects around you, locating them even in total darkness, murky water, or through solid obstacles. Like a shark or a platypus, you can pinpoint buried prey, hidden enemies, and active electronics without ever needing to see them.
1898. Elemental Card Empowerment,3.2
#You grow stronger, faster and more durable while near elemental cards, and you may unlock new abilities depending on which cards are close. Some users can even feed on the cards themselves, drawing sustenance or slowing their aging.
1899. Elemental Connection,4.3
#You share a profound bond with the fundamental forces of nature, feeling the flow of water, the warmth of fire and the weight of the earth as extensions of your own senses. You can sense fluctuations in any element you are connected to and commune with them emotionally, opening the door to deeper elemental mastery.
1900. Elemental Enhanced Durability,3.3
#Your body is reinforced by elemental force, granting you considerably higher durability than a normal person. The effect may be temporary or tied to the element being near you, and durability negation users will cut through it with ease.
1901. Elemental Embodiment,6.6
#You are the living embodiment of an element, whether one of the classical four, something from the periodic table, or something more esoteric. You physically resemble it, your personality is shaped by it, and your control over it surpasses any ordinary elemental manipulator.
1902. Elemental Empowerment,3.8
#Upon coming into contact with your affiliated element, you become stronger, faster, tougher and may unlock abilities tied to its nature. Extended exposure can even slow your aging, but you will grow dependent on it and become vulnerable to its opposite.
1903. Elemental Energy Embodiment,7.3
#You are the physical personification of elemental energy itself, granting you limitless control over and complete immunity to it. You may be vulnerable to users of Elemental Manipulation or Energy Manipulation who can manhandle the very stuff you are made of.
1904. Elemental Energy Empowerment,3.9
#Coming into contact with elemental energy makes you stronger, faster and tougher, while unlocking related abilities and slowing your aging. The more elemental energy in the environment, the more of a monster you become.
1905. Elemental Energy Mimicry,5.8
#Your body is, or can transform into, pure elemental energy. The transformed form can be anatomically identical to your normal body or a fully homogeneous mass where every part is interchangeable. Vulnerable to Energy Absorption users who can drink you dry.
1906. Elemental Energy Symbiosis,5.6
#You host an elemental energy being or force inside your body, granting you powerful abilities tied to its nature. The bond comes with a price, the entity may try to possess you, the energy may injure you, and you may unleash deadly effects you never intended.
1907. Elemental Enhanced Condition,4.0
#Your baseline physiology is enhanced by elements, each element boosting different aspects of your body. Stone lends strength and defence, wind lends speed and agility, fire lends ferocity. Requires training to utilise every element at once in combat.
1908. Elemental Enhanced Senses,3.4
#Your senses are sharpened by the elements, letting you see through flame, hear distant winds, feel tremors through stone, or taste the minerals in water. Sensory overload is a real risk and magic may distort the readings.
1909. Elemental Enhanced Speed,3.5
#Elemental forces accelerate your movement, either by active propulsion or by passively boosting you when in contact with your element. Away from your element you return to baseline speed, and Speed Cancellation will shut you down.
1910. Elemental Enhanced Strength,3.4
#Your physical strength is amplified by elemental power, letting you push past the normal maximum of a body your size. The effects may only last as long as you can sustain the elemental infusion.
1911. Elemental Fangs,3.0
#Your teeth are made of or infused with elemental force, letting every bite inflict elemental damage, burning, freezing, shocking, or petrifying whatever you sink them into. Best in melee and best if you aren't squeamish about biting people.
1912. Elemental Metabolization,3.5
#You sustain yourself and your powers by consuming elements directly. Eat fire to fuel your pyrokinesis, drink lightning to stay awake, munch on rocks for earthen reserves. You may need to discharge excess periodically or risk overdosing on your own fuel.
1913. Elemental Object Empowerment,3.5
#When near objects of your affiliated element, your physical abilities are enhanced and you may even draw sustenance from them. The closer and more concentrated the elemental objects, the stronger the boost.
1914. Elemental Physiology,5.2
#Your body is that of an elemental, a creature born from or bonded to a primal force such as fire, water, wind, earth, lightning or even stranger elements like time and space. You possess an innate mastery over your element and physiology suited to wield it.
1915. Elemental Resistance,3.3
#Your body is highly resistant to elemental forces, allowing you to survive direct blasts, traverse hostile elemental environments and endure what would melt, freeze or crush a normal person. May be limited to a single element.
1916. Elemental Soul,5.4
#Your soul is composed of one or more natural elements, letting you channel that element through your body or project your elemental spirit outward to act independently. You can reshape your elemental form as desired, but while your soul is projected your body lies limp, and your internal reserves are not infinite.
1917. Elemental Symbiosis,5.6
#You host one or more elemental beings inside your body, gaining powerful elemental abilities drawn from their nature. The bond grants you immense control over your symbiote's element, but the entity may fight for control of your mind, and raw elemental force can slowly corrode the body hosting it.
1918. Elephant Physiology,3.5
#You are or can transform into an elephant, ranging from modern African and Asian elephants to mammoths and mastodons. As an elephant you possess tremendous physical strength, durability and memory, though your jumping ability is essentially nonexistent.
1919. Elf Physiology,4.6
#You are an elf, a slender ageless humanoid with a lifespan measured in centuries or millennia. You possess graceful beauty, enhanced senses, natural magical inclination and a deep affinity for nature. Your body ages so slowly that watching mountains erode is more eventful.
1920. Elioud Physiology,5.2
#You are an Elioud, the grandchild of Heaven and Earth born from a Nephilim and a mortal human. You possess angelic traits that place you on par with lesser angels and demons, granting enhanced physical abilities, a holy presence and minor divine authority. Countered by demonic powers.
1921. Elohim Physiology,7.8
#You are an Elohim, a biblical heavenly being created before the physical universe itself. You dwell in the divine realm as a lesser god subservient to the One True Creator, wielding holy authority as a divine messenger, destroyer, or protector. Your spiritual presence alone can shake the faith of mortals.
1922. Embedded Existence,8.6
#Your existence is completely embedded into reality itself, making you immune to erasure and existential manipulation. No matter how many times a reality warper tries to unmake you, you remain stubbornly present. Logic manipulation and similarly abstract powers can still affect you though.
1923. Emblem Empowerment,3.5
#You are empowered by emblems, growing stronger, faster, and more durable in their presence. You can unlock new abilities related to the emblem's affinity and even draw sustenance from them. Without emblems nearby, you are functionally a normal human.
1924. Embodiment Empowerment,5.3
#You are empowered by embodiments, growing stronger and faster in the presence of personified forces. You may unlock new abilities tied to whichever embodiment you draw from, and can even slow your aging by feeding on their essence. Without embodiments nearby, you are considerably weaker.
1925. Embodiment Power Link,5.0
#Your embodied nature is linked directly to your powers, using the personification to fuel and control them. This connection lets you push your abilities to greater heights, though if your embodied nature becomes unstable, your powers may spiral out of control with it.
1926. Emere Physiology,5.1
#African Folklore - You are an Emere, a spirit disguised as a beautiful child who can freely travel between the physical and spiritual worlds. Considered more powerful than witches, you possess natural seductive charm and supernatural authority. Emere traditionally die on days of their greatest joy, so your happiest moments may be your most dangerous.
1927. Emotion Embodiment,6.6
#You are the living physical manifestation of an emotion, be it love, hatred, joy, despair or anything in between. You possess absolute influence over your represented emotion, but your existence is polarized and lack of exposure to that emotion will cause you to deteriorate.
1928. Emotion Empowerment,4.2
#You become stronger, faster and more durable the more you feel a specific emotion, either from yourself or others around you. The stronger the emotion burns, the more your physical capabilities and existing powers are amplified, though opposing emotions will weaken you.
1929. Emotion-Connective Immortality,6.2
#Your existence is tethered to the emotions others feel about you, be it love, hatred, sorrow or awe. As long as someone out there feels strongly about you, you cannot die, but if you are ever permanently forgotten you will cease to exist entirely.
1930. Emotional Activity,3.1
#You can perform any action perfectly regardless of what emotions you are feeling at the moment. Overwhelming rage, crippling grief or delirious joy will never affect your accuracy, reflexes or judgement.
1931. Emotional Affinity,4.3
#Your physiology is attuned to a specific emotion, growing stronger and transforming the more you feel it. A rage-attuned body becomes monstrous and intimidating, a lust-attuned body becomes mesmerizingly beautiful, but you lose all power when the attuned emotion fades.
1932. Emotional Energy Mimicry,5.6
#Your body is made of or can transform entirely into emotional energy. In this form you may retain your anatomy or become a homogeneous mass of pure feeling, empowering your cells with whichever emotion flows through you at the time.
1933. Emotional Power Link,3.2
#Your emotional state is directly tied to your powers, fueling them and amplifying them based on what you feel. The stronger the feeling, the stronger the output, but unstable emotions mean unstable power and you'll need meditation or tranquil discipline to keep yourself from going off like a bomb.
1934. Emotional Reliance,2.9
#Your powers are fueled entirely by a specific emotional state, whether fear, anger, or love, and grow stronger the deeper you feel it. Sometimes you can even siphon power from the emotions of others nearby, but if your mood is undermined or soothed you become alarmingly easy to neutralize.
1935. Emotional Source,7.4
#You are the source of emotion itself; as long as you exist, feelings exist, and you have an empathic link to every being capable of feeling anything. Should you ever die, all emotion dies with you and every living thing becomes permanently apathetic. May be limited to being the source of a single specific emotion.
1936. Empathic Objects,4.2
#You have a deep bond with an item of personal value that grants you powers tied to your personality and its nature. A watch that controls time, a ring that burns with love, a locket that houses a spirit. The object may shift form to match your needs, but only awakens when your emotions run strong.
1937. Empathic Power Augmentation,4.6
#Your powers scale with the intensity of your emotions, anger, joy, grief, fear, all of them crank your abilities to their absolute peak. The stronger you feel, the stronger you become, but losing control of the emotion means losing control of the power.
1938. Empathic Power Resistance,3.2
#You passively resist powers that manipulate emotion and empathy, shrugging off inducements and empathic hijacks. Strong enough empathic users may still partially affect you, but their effects are dulled considerably.
1939. Empathic Shield,3.9
#You are completely immune to empathic powers, emotion manipulation, inducement, and all empathy-based influences simply bounce off. Your emotions remain your own. Does not protect against telepathy or non-emotion-based mental attacks.
1940. Empousa Physiology,4.7
#Greek Mythology - You are or can transform into an Empousa, a shapeshifting servant of Hecate said to seduce and feed upon young men. You possess supernatural beauty, shapeshifting, and the hunger of a phantom-vampire hybrid that drains vitality from those you lure in.
1941. Empowering Affinity,4.8
#You draw power from a specific phenomenon, object, emotion or concept, becoming stronger, faster, and tougher in its presence, and sometimes unlocking new abilities tied to it. A water-affinity user near the ocean could develop hydrokinesis, for instance. You weaken without contact and may be vulnerable to opposing affinities.
1942. Empty Heart,4.9
#Your heart is partially or completely devoid of good and evil, lacking all emotional and moral alignment. You feel no love, no hate, no conviction, and act purely from logic, instinct, duty, or external command. Strong forces of either light or darkness may still shift you, for better or worse.
1943. Encantado Physiology,5.4
#South American Mythology - You are or can transform into an Encantado, a Brazilian spirit of the pink boto form with supernatural beauty and musical talent. You can shapeshift between dolphin and human, control storms, enchant mortals into your service, and inflict illness or madness. A respiratory hole on your crown marks your true nature, usually hidden beneath a hat.
1944. Enchanted Allure,4.5
#You possess a supernatural attraction that grants immense powers of persuasion and seduction. Those under your spell become utterly willing to carry out whatever you ask of them, even walking to their deaths. Some targets may be affected by sexual preference, and strong psychic shields resist the pull.
1945. Encyclopedic Knowledge,6.5
#You possess a complete and innate understanding of all fields of knowledge, science, magic, history, technology, mysticism and beyond. Any information, natural or supernatural, is simply there for you to access without study. However, knowledge is not skill, and your mind can be cluttered or overwhelmed by the sheer volume of information.
1946. Endless Development,7.3
#Your potential is limitless, you can endlessly grow stronger, faster, tougher, smarter, sharper, with no ceiling to hold you back. Through training, learning, or simply willing it, you improve without end. Given enough time you will eclipse every living being in your reality, though Development Reset remains a threat.
1947. Endomodular Deviant Anatomy,4.2
#Your body has been reforged with a bio-metallic crystalline skeleton and integrated cybernetic implants, making you leagues more durable and granting natural compatibility with any technology you plug yourself into. The internal overhaul places strain on the rest of your organs, so you will need the rest of your body reinforced to fully take advantage.
1948. Absolute Endurance,9.1
#Your endurance is absolute, meaning stress simply does not exist for you. You do not need food, water, sleep, or air, and no amount of punishment can wear you down. You fight at peak for an eternity regardless of environment, injury or circumstance. Only reality manipulation and concept-level powers could ever force you to flag.
1949. Supernatural Endurance,4.6
#Your endurance is pushed far beyond natural limits, allowing you to go weeks without food or rest, shrug off wounds that would cripple normal people, and keep fighting through illness, poison or exhaustion. You can still be worn down by sufficiently overwhelming stress, but it takes a lot.
1950. Peak Endurance,2.7
#You are at the peak of what a member of your species can endure, tolerating pain, hunger, thirst and exhaustion far beyond even elite athletes. You can fight non-stop for an entire day without food or water and shrug off injuries that would drop most people. Your body still pays the price afterward.
1951. Energized Body,3.8
#Your body absorbs every form of energy that touches it and converts it into raw biological fuel, enhancing your physical capabilities based on the type and quantity you consume. Without a steady diet of energy to feed on, however, you may struggle to keep yourself stable.
1952. Energy Connection,3.0
#You possess a deep empathic bond with various non-physical forces and energies, allowing you to intuitively understand them and even communicate with them. More of a spiritual bridge than a manipulation power, but invaluable for any would-be energy master.
1953. Energy Defiance,4.8
#You can ignore most forms of energy affecting you, from heat and electricity to radiation and gamma rays, and even some mystical energies. Not quite full immunity, but enough that conventional energy weapons become little more than a nuisance to you.
1954. Energy Derivation,9.5
#You are the primordial source of all energy in existence, the binding force from which every power, spell and energetic phenomenon in reality flows. All energy exists because you exist, and your dominion over it is total and absolute. Should you ever perish, every form of energy in the multiverse would cease alongside you.
1955. Energy Embodiment,8.6
#You are the physical manifestation of all forms of energy in your reality, granting you limitless control over energy and every energy-based power in existence. You are no longer a being who uses energy but the very concept of energy made flesh, and your mastery of it knows no peer short of divine tiers.
1956. Energy Empowerment,3.6
#Your body becomes stronger, faster and more durable when in contact with energy, with prolonged exposure potentially unlocking new abilities or even slowing your aging. The more potent the energy around you, the more you thrive within it.
1957. Energy Entity Physiology,5.7
#You are or can transform into a pure energetic entity with innate ergokinetic powers and a physiology bound to your energy nature. Unlike a being simply made of energy, you are a creature defined by your wielding of it, granting you forms and abilities unique to your energetic nature.
1958. Energy Immunity,5.8
#You are completely immune to all forms of energy and suffer no direct or indirect effects from them. Heat, electricity, radiation, lasers and mystical energies all wash over you without a trace, though this may also prevent you from being healed by energy-based abilities.
1959. Energy Independence,5.6
#Your body has no need for energy in any form. You do not eat, drink, sleep, or tire, and your cells function without ATP or mitochondria. Any powers you possess can be used continuously without recharge, making you a tireless engine of whatever abilities you wield.
1960. Energy Matter Empowerment,4.6
#You grow stronger, faster and more durable in the presence of energy matter, drawing sustenance from it and potentially slowing your aging. Without a source of energy matter to feed on, you weaken significantly, and there is a ceiling to how much strength you can gain.
1961. Energy Matter Physiology,5.7
#Your body is made of, or can transform into, energy matter. Depending on your mastery, you can exist as a nigh-physical being reinforced by energetic substance, or as a homogeneous form that removes vital points entirely. Anti-matter and anti-energy manipulation are your natural opposites.
1962. Energy Matter Symbiosis,5.8
#You host an energy matter-based entity or force within your body, gaining access to its ergo-materiokinetic power. The bond grants immense ability but the entity may attempt to take over your mind, and its force can be lethal to the host if left unchecked.
1963. Energy Metabolization,4.5
#You can feed on raw energy as sustenance, using it to fuel your powers and your body. Taking in too much risks an overdose and you may have to periodically discharge excess, which can accidentally drain nearby machines or living beings.
1964. Energy Mimicry,5.6
#Your body is made of, or can transform into, pure energy. You can become a nigh-physical being with energy flowing through your cells or shift into a fully homogeneous form with no vital points. Takes time to master, and energy drain effects are potentially fatal against you.
1965. Energy Power Link,4.7
#Your powers are linked to and fueled by energy itself, which empowers and stabilizes every ability you possess. If the energetic source grows unstable, your powers may go out of control, and anti-energy effects can shut you down completely.
1966. Energy Resistance,3.6
#Your body is highly resistant to concussive, electrical and heat-based attacks on a superhuman level. Lasers glance off, electricity barely tingles, and explosions lose most of their bite, though you are not fully immune.
1967. Energy Signature Empowerment,4.1
#You grow stronger, faster and tougher the more energy signatures saturate your environment, and may even unlock new abilities keyed to whatever energy you are steeped in. In a dead void with nothing to feed on, you wither.
1968. Energy Soul,4.2
#Your soul is made of pure energy, which you can project out of your body to act independently, take various shapes, or unleash as concussive blasts. While your soul is out wandering your physical body is limp and defenseless, and your reserves need to recharge.
1969. Energy Sourcing,3.8
#You draw your power from an external energy source rather than generating it yourself, such as converting sunlight, kinetic energy or ambient heat into fuel. The power can either be based on proximity or stored in your cells for later use.
1970. Energy Symbiosis,4.8
#You host an energy-based entity inside your body and gain powers from the bond, ranging from simple energy attacks to full matter manipulation depending on the nature of your passenger. As with most symbiotes the entity may try to take over your mind or body, and its power may damage you if you push too hard.
1971. Energy Vampire Physiology,5.0
#You are a vampire that feeds on energy rather than blood, using absorbed energies to fuel your strength, speed, senses and lifespan. You can even acquire new energy-based abilities from the things you drain, though you must feed constantly or starve, and energy drain works on you just as well as it does for you.
1972. Engine Mimicry,3.0
#You are or can transform into a living engine, converting energy into raw mechanical output to power whatever machines you're attached to. You need a fuel source to keep running and are prone to overheating under sustained load.
1973. Enhanced Action,3.6
#Your action speed is drastically heightened, letting you act first in nearly any situation and perform tasks with better results than others. Without complementary reflex or body enhancements, your own body may struggle to keep up with your intent.
1974. Absolute Adroitness,8.6
#You have absolute control over your prehensile body parts, able to manipulate matter down to the quantum super-string level and even the quantum foam. Your fingers can pluck at the threads of reality like they were guitar strings.
1975. Supernatural Adroitness,5.5
#Your control over your hands and other prehensile body parts is supernatural, allowing manipulation down to the atomic and even subatomic level. You may need enhanced eyesight to actually see what your fingers are doing.
1976. Enhanced Adroitness,3.2
#You possess precise control over your hands and other prehensile body parts, handling any object with grace, ease, speed and skill, possibly down to the cellular or molecular level. Objects can still slip from your grip if you're careless.
1977. Enhanced Ammunition,3.3
#Your ammunition and firepower is stronger than that of others, whether it comes from weapons, powers or thrown attacks. Using too much at once can exhaust you, and unless you have Infinite Supply you can still run dry.
1978. Enhanced Bodily Capacity,4.6
#You can use more than 100% of all your bodily systems and functions, making you superior to even the peak of your species. Without accompanying durability this overuse will damage or break your body, and it burns fuel fast enough to risk starvation.
1979. Enhanced Body Part Velocity,3.1
#You can move any part of your body at speeds far beyond the normal, throwing punches and gestures that blur the air. Without strong muscular bonds or counter inertia your limbs may actually rip off at the extremes.
1980. Enhanced Body Structure,4.3
#Your body is composed of elements and materials stronger, harder and more effective than ordinary flesh and bone, something like super-bone with the ratio of high-grade steel and a fluid that outperforms blood. Your mind and brain may benefit as well.
1981. Enhanced Body Temperature,2.2
#Your internal body temperature runs above the normal and peak of your species, making you a living furnace. You're a great cuddle partner in winter and a miserable one in summer.
1982. Enhanced Brain Capacity,4.7
#You can access more than 100% of your mental capacity, gaining expanded knowledge, faster thought, and the ability to push your physical and mental abilities far beyond their normal ceiling. Sustained use may only last for short bursts before your brain demands rest.
1983. Enhanced Caution,3.1
#You can be cautious and hasty at the same time, moving and handling things carefully at any speed without dropping, stumbling or colliding. Probability manipulators can still overdrive your careful instincts into failure.
1984. Enhanced Chi,3.9
#Your chi is enhanced far beyond that of others, letting you amplify your physical capabilities, heal, channel it into attacks or unlock further chi-based powers. Your chi may even possess special properties nobody else's does, though building it up takes time.
1985. Enhanced Concentration Capacity,4.0
#Your concentration can be pushed far beyond the normal maximum, letting you tune out all distraction and power through obstacles that break lesser focus. You may become too fixated on one thing at a time, and the focus drains stamina the longer you hold it.
1986. Absolute Cuteness,8.0
#You possess a level of cuteness that exceeds all others, possibly being the single cutest thing in existence. This can manifest as sincere, innocent adorability you aren't even aware of, or as a hypnotic weaponized cuteness used to manipulate anyone who lays eyes on you.
1987. Supernatural Cuteness,5.2
#Your cuteness exceeds natural limits, radiating an almost physical pull of adorability that can be weaponized at will. People lose their words, their willpower, and occasionally their lunch money around you.
1988. Enhanced Cuteness,2.6
#Your cuteness exceeds normal parameters and can even be weaponized to some degree. You may have to act the part as well, and cute is highly subjective so the effect varies from person to person.
1989. Enhanced Emotions,3.2
#Your emotions run deeper and sharper than anyone else's, letting you feel things in ways others cannot and powering any emotional abilities you may have to greater heights. You may also be overemotional at the worst possible moments.
1990. Supernatural Energy,4.3
#Your internal energy levels are unnaturally high, making you far more energetic, active and lively than any member of your species has any right to be. You may have trouble sleeping or sitting still, and excess energy may constantly leak from your body.
1991. Enhanced Energy,2.8
#Your internal energy runs extraordinarily high, giving you superior stamina, vitality and fast recovery from strenuous activity. Sitting still may be harder than running a marathon for you.
1992. Enhanced Initiative,3.1
#Your mental reflexes are drastically enhanced, allowing you to process and react to events faster than they unfold. Does not grant any physical speed however, so you may find yourself aware of the incoming punch but still unable to move out of the way in time.
1993. Enhanced Instincts,3.8
#Your instincts across the board are sharpened far beyond the norm, whether they be predatory, combat, parental, social or even sexual. You can abandon logic entirely and trust your gut to make illogical but correct decisions at the drop of a hat. Be careful, as your instincts may take over entirely if you rely on them too much.
1994. Enhanced Intuition,3.0
#Your intuition is far beyond that of a normal person, granting you access to unconscious pattern recognition, insight and deductive capabilities that border on the uncanny. Useful for solving puzzles, reading people or sniffing out lies.
1995. Absolute Life-Force,9.3
#Your life force is infinite, boundless and absolute. Your vitality transcends mortal, divine and cosmic concepts, granting you eternal life, limitless regeneration and endurance that surpasses logic itself. Your body, mind and spirit are elevated by the sheer weight of the life energy burning within you, letting you accomplish the impossible with nothing but raw existence.
1996. Supernatural Life-Force,5.7
#Your reserves of life energy are immense, acting as a supernatural power source that bolsters your longevity, stamina, healing and vitality. You can survive circumstances that would kill lesser beings many times over, though the sheer volume may be difficult to control and is still ultimately finite.
1997. Enhanced Life-Force,3.3
#You have enhanced life energy flowing through you, granting you better stamina, a stronger constitution, faster healing and the ability to channel it for attacks or augmenting your physical capabilities. Useful as both a power source and a passive boost.
1998. Enhanced Lower Leg Strength,2.1
#Your legs are far stronger than peak human, capable of pushing vans and kicking boulders aside. Your upper body however remains normal, so you'll look very silly arm wrestling someone while casually crushing a car with your calves.
1999. Enhanced Memory,2.8
#Your memory is vastly superior to the average person, allowing you to recall books, conversations, faces, lyrics and events in detail with minimal effort. You can study faster, remember longer and retain more, though attempting to memorize beyond your brain's capacity may give you headaches or worse.
2000. Enhanced Mental Stamina,2.9
#Your mind can push itself much further and longer than normal before tiring. You can focus for hours without losing sharpness and is especially valuable if you possess any psionic or mind-based abilities.
2001. Enhanced Mobility,3.2
#You move with grace, control and precision far beyond peak human. Whether running, climbing, swimming, jumping or flying, you rarely lose your footing, balance or momentum. Physical forces like inertia and friction still apply however, so being pinned or stuck remains a very real problem.
2002. Enhanced Momentum,3.0
#Your momentum is supernaturally enhanced, making you hit harder when you charge and far more difficult to stop or knock over once you get going. Still tires like normal and can be brought to a halt with enough force.
2003. Enhanced Motor Skills,3.1
#Your coordination and precision is flawless. You can pull off absurd feats of tricking, gymnastics, sleight of hand or fine craftsmanship without breaking a sweat. Picture dancing on top of a spinning vehicle mid-flip while performing yo-yo tricks - that's your baseline.
2004. Enhanced Muscle Usage,3.4
#You can push your muscles past the normal 60-65% cap that most humans are limited to, exerting well beyond 100% of what your body should be capable of. Without matching durability however, you risk tearing your own muscles or breaking your bones from the sheer force you put out.
2005. Enhanced Physics,4.2
#The laws of physics bend in your favor. Where altered physics may help or hinder, your modified physical laws actively support you, letting you perform feats that would be impossible under normal rules. Gravity, friction and inertia all seem to know which side they're on.
2006. Enhanced Power Use,4.3
#You simply use your powers better than anyone else could. More output, fewer limitations and greater efficiency across the board. Apply this to any of your other abilities to squeeze significantly more out of them.
2007. Enhanced Proprioception,2.4
#Your sense of body position is heightened, letting you know exactly where every part of your body is at all times without needing to look. Essential for any kind of acrobatics, fighting or delicate movement, though it does nothing against sense removal.
2008. Enhanced Reorientation,2.6
#You can change your body's facing and orientation in an instant, mid-rotation, mid-fall or mid-flip. Like a cat always landing on its feet, you can always twist yourself into the exact direction you need to be facing.
2009. Enhanced Repositioning,2.5
#You can shift your body into any pose or position quickly and effortlessly, getting into a stance, dodge or pose far faster than others. Useful in combat, gymnastics and anywhere precise positioning matters.
2010. Enhanced Revolution,2.3
#You can perform external rotations and orbital loops effortlessly, making full revolutions with perfect control, balance and precision at any speed or radius. Great for aerial maneuvers and acrobatics, though inertia and friction still apply.
2011. Enhanced Rotation,2.3
#You can cartwheel, somersault, flip and twist with perfect control, balance and precision at any speed. Tumbling and spin-based techniques come naturally to you, though you are still subject to the normal pushes and pulls of the physical world.
2012. Enhanced Self-Awareness,3.2
#Your awareness of yourself - your feelings, motives, biology and instincts - is greatly enhanced. You instantly recognize when something tries to alter your mind, body or behavior against your will, making you harder to subtly control or manipulate without noticing.
2013. Enhanced Soul,3.6
#Your soul is stronger and denser than an ordinary one, granting you minor powers and enhancements, the ability to heal or attack with your spiritual essence and potentially even unique properties other souls lack. Still vulnerable to beings who can manipulate souls directly.
2014. Enhanced Stability,2.1
#You can stay upright and balanced in positions that should send you toppling. Boneless legs, too many joints, being suspended upside down on one toe - none of it disturbs your posture.
2015. Enhanced Synesthesia,3.2
#Your senses are cross-wired in useful ways, letting you smell colors, see sounds, taste emotions and so on. With practice you can read the emotional states of others as vividly as reading a book.
2016. Absolute Ugliness,8.6
#Your ugliness is infinite and absolute. Any being that attempts to perceive your true form is struck with overwhelming fear, hatred, disgust, and insanity. Even suppressed to mortal viewing levels, you are still the single most undesirable being in existence. No face, no glamour, no illusion can hide it.
2017. Supernatural Ugliness,5.2
#You are so hideous that no normal being can look at you without adverse effects, ranging from nausea to fainting to going pale as a sheet. Beings with Apathy or Fear Immunity are unaffected.
2018. Enhanced Ugliness,2.0
#Your face is hideous enough to make even hardened fighters flinch away, giving you social leverage through sheer revulsion. Doesn't turn itself off though, so expect stares and a lot of self-esteem issues.
2019. Enhanced Upper Arm Strength,2.8
#Your arms are strong enough to lift vans and hurl boulders, well beyond peak human. Your legs however are just ordinary, so be careful not to lift something your lower body cannot support.
2020. Enhanced Visibility,2.7
#People notice you more, find you more attractive, more likable, more magnetic. You draw followers easily, but stealth is basically impossible and you will attract attention from the wrong crowd too.
2021. Enhanced Willpower,2.4
#Your will is stronger than normal, enough to push through pain and despair that would break lesser minds. Not on the level of Indomitable Will, and it can still be shattered by Will Breaking or sufficiently horrific events, but you can achieve remarkable things on grit alone.
2022. Enhancing Inertia,4.1
#Your inertia works backwards - the heavier you are, the faster you accelerate. Piling on mass makes you move quicker rather than slower, though your raw force output remains normal. Controlling your acceleration can become a problem very quickly.
2023. Enlightenment,7.6
#You have achieved true enlightenment, allowing full comprehension of any situation you encounter. You understand the mind of God or Universal Consciousness and perceive all things as part of a single unity. This is not Omniscience, but everything you look upon, you understand. Requires a pure mind, though pure does not mean good.
2024. Enormous Interior,3.6
#Your insides are impossibly larger than your outside, big enough to potentially contain a city within your stomach. Storing things, hiding people, swallowing whole armies - all on the table. Getting around inside yourself may take a while though.
2025. Enraenra Physiology,4.0
#You are or can transform into an Enraenra, a yokai composed of smoke and darkness shaped like a human. Only those pure of heart can see you clearly. Wind can disperse you, and you may lack a truly solid form.
2026. Entertainment Empowerment,4.3
#You grow stronger, faster and more durable by consuming entertainment - films, comics, games, music, books. Heavy consumption can unlock new abilities and even slow your aging, though you will still need food and rest in the real world.
2027. Entity Empowerment,4.0
#Your body draws strength from the presence of entities around you, becoming faster, stronger, and more durable the more beings are near. You may even slow your aging while feeding on entity essence. If there is nothing around to draw from, you are left at baseline.
2028. Entropic Quintessence,5.8
#Your body generates limitless entropic force on its own, with no need to draw from ambient temperature or environment. This infinite fuel can enhance you to superhuman levels, power machines, or be unleashed as raw entropy. However, your body can only channel so much at a time before you need food and rest.
2029. Entropy Defiance,5.0
#You can ignore entropy and the physical laws associated with it. Your body, and the things you touch, do not dissipate, decay or degrade the way they normally would. You may not be able to ignore it completely against overwhelming entropy forces or for indefinite periods.
2030. Entropy Embodiment,7.8
#You are entropy incarnate, the physical manifestation of universal disorder itself. You have limitless control over entropy and are entirely immune to its effects. Decay does not touch you, but it answers to you, and wherever you walk the second law of thermodynamics bows to your will.
2031. Entropy Empowerment,3.8
#You grow stronger, faster and more durable when in contact with entropy or entropic power. Being near decay, disorder or thermodynamic chaos fuels you, and at high enough levels you may even draw sustenance from entropy itself and slow your own aging.
2032. Entropy Immunity,5.3
#You are immune to all things entropy. You do not lose energy to heat, you cannot be affected by entropy manipulation, and you cannot be destroyed by entropic decay. You can still be hurt by non-entropic forces, and overwhelming entropy beyond a certain threshold may still get through.
2033. Entropy Mimicry,6.3
#Your body is made of or can transform into pure entropy. In this form you retain your shape but are composed of disordered energy, with your cells, bones and muscles reinforced by entropic force. Stabilization or entropy immunity can be highly effective against you, and you are still bound by the laws of thermodynamics.
2034. Entropy Symbiosis,5.7
#You are bonded symbiotically with an entropic being or force, be it an embodiment of entropy, a disorder spirit, or a construct of unused universal energy. Through the bond you gain potent entropic abilities, but the entity may try to take over your mind or body, and the raw force may slowly damage you.
2035. Environment Mimicry,6.4
#You are a living environment, an entire ecosystem in the shape of a person. You can control all the plant life, inorganic objects, and animals that are part of you, and can call down weather and natural disasters upon yourself as an extension of your being. You may be unable to create new life or matter from nothing.
2036. Environment Warping Presence,5.9
#The regions you settle in slowly warp to reflect you, your beliefs, your aesthetic, your nature, even your biology. Terrain, weather, and inhabitants bend to mirror your inner self, and interlopers may find themselves changing just by staying too long. Removing you from the area causes the changes to gradually revert.
2037. Environmental Adaptation,3.3
#Your body automatically adapts to whatever environment you find yourself in. Extreme temperatures, low oxygen, high pressure, unusual sustenance, hostile atmospheres, none of these cause you real discomfort. You may be weaker in opposing environments to the one you are currently adapted to.
2038. Environmental Defiance,5.4
#You simply ignore the environment you are in, as if it were beneath your notice. You can stroll through lava without burning, stand in a blizzard without freezing, walk underwater without drowning. Lethal metaphysical environments may still catch your attention though.
2039. Environmental Empowerment,3.5
#You grow stronger, faster and tougher in tune with whichever environment you are in, drawing sustenance from the terrain itself. At higher levels you may even slow or halt your own ageing as long as you remain in a suitable habitat.
2040. Environmental Perfection,7.8
#You are the flawless pinnacle of the environment itself, the ideal natural being in every conceivable way. All powers tied to nature, terrain and environmental forces are available to you at their absolute peak, and if bonded to a specific environment you become perfect within it in every other way as well.
2041. Environmental Symbiosis,5.3
#You share a symbiotic bond with a specific environment or territorial entity, gaining powers drawn from its nature. Both you and the environment support one another, but if the environment is sentient it may try to take the wheel and you may find yourself along for the ride.
2042. Environmental Transformation,3.6
#Whenever you enter a new environment your body transforms in some way related to that environment, either adapting to it or mimicking parts of it. The transformations are random though and are not guaranteed to actually help you survive what you are stepping into.
2043. Envy Derivation,8.9
#You are the absolute primordial source of all envy across the cosmos, the binding force behind every jealous thought in existence. You wield total dominion over covetousness, resentment and the green-eyed monster on a universal scale, and if you ever die, envy itself dies with you and everyone becomes incapable of wanting what they cannot have.
2044. Envy Embodiment,6.0
#You are the very incarnation of envy, drawing power from the jealousy of yourself and others. As long as your envy is unfulfilled your lifespan stretches onward, and you can weaponize that hunger to take whatever you covet from whoever you wish.
2045. Envy Empowerment,3.0
#You grow stronger, faster and tougher whenever you or those around you are consumed by jealousy. The deeper and pettier the envy, the greater the boost, and you may even slow your ageing so long as there is something you still covet.
2046. Epoch Embodiment,5.8
#You are the living embodiment of a specific time period, and your powers follow the themes of that epoch, whether literal, metaphorical, romanticized, or even fictional. Time Travelers altering your era can shift or outright erase your abilities.
2047. Equid Physiology,3.3
#You are or can transform into an equid, gaining the full form of a horse, donkey or zebra either partially or completely. Grants enhanced speed, stamina and a powerful kick, but you'll need to relearn how to open doors.
2048. Equipment Mimicry,3.4
#You can take on the form of any piece of equipment, from a scalpel to a jackhammer to a chef's knife. Useful for infiltration and ambushes, but each form comes with the weaknesses of whatever tool you decided to become.
2049. Erasure Immunity,7.4
#You cannot be erased from existence, or if you somehow are, you will always come back. You continue existing even after all of existence has ended, though this does not make you immortal in the conventional sense and Absolute Erasure can still claim you.
2050. Erebopresence,7.6
#You simultaneously exist everywhere night and darkness exist, manifest or reside, from the deepest cave to the shadow beneath a child's bed. Absolute Light can banish your presence entirely, and you may be unable to manifest anywhere the sun fully reaches.
2051. Ereboscience,7.3
#You know everything about darkness, shadows and the night, every secret whispered under a new moon, every thing that hides in the dark and every rule that governs it. Your knowledge is bound to the dark though, and Absolute Light blinds you completely.
2052. Ergokinetic Agility,3.9
#You can channel energy through your body to dramatically amplify your agility, speed, reflexes and coordination. Dodging bullets, acrobatic feats and closing gaps in the blink of an eye become trivial, though Energy Controllers can shut your enhancement down.
2053. Ergokinetic Durability,3.3
#Your durability is augmented by an envelope of energy, letting you shrug off blows that would drop an ordinary human. Energy Controllers can strip the protection away, and anything that bypasses invulnerability will still put you down.
2054. Erinaceomorph Physiology,2.3
#You are or can transform into a hedgehog or gymnure, gaining a body covered in protective spines and a sharp little nose. Rolling into a spiked ball is now a valid defensive option, and bugs suddenly look very appetizing.
2055. Erinyes Physiology,6.8
#Greek Mythology - You are or can transform into one of the Erinyes, the chthonic Furies of vengeance. You possess divine-tier physical abilities, flight, and the power to inflict tormenting madness, disease or death upon oathbreakers, murderers and those who offend the natural order. You are bound by strict rules on who you may punish.
2056. Erogelic Physiology,5.8
#You are or can transform into an angel of love, desire and sex — a divine being connected to the sacred side of affection and intimacy. You possess supernatural beauty, feathered wings, a halo and angelic magic centered on love and desire. Demons, succubi and incubi are your natural enemies.
2057. Erosion Immunity,3.0
#Your body, bones and joints are immune to erosion of any kind. No matter how many years pass or how much strain they endure, your parts will never wear down, grind away or suffer age-based decay.
2058. Ersatz Body Part,2.2
#One of your body parts is made of something other than flesh — a robotic arm, a stone leg, a rubber hand, or a limb belonging to another creature entirely. Depending on what it is, it may be a powerful asset or an inconvenient burden you have to live with.
2059. Esociform Physiology,1.6
#You are or can transform into an esociform fish, such as a pike or a mudminnow. You gain the predatory jaws, streamlined body and ambush instincts of one of freshwater's most voracious hunters.
2060. Esoteric Physiology,6.0
#You are an "Esoteric Version" of your race, a rare specimen that is the healthiest, strongest, and most versatile of your kind, with a supercharged set of their qualities plus unique powers and traits unheard of among your peers. You may feel isolated from your own kind or be treated as a monster, and raw potential does not replace real experience.
2061. Esoteric Power,5.9
#You possess an internal wellspring of esoteric power, a dormant supernatural force that acts as the core of your otherworldly abilities. Its reach is bound only by your skill, imagination, and morality, and with time your power may develop its own laws that transcend any Supernatural Law binding others. Depending on its source, this inner power could be lovecraftian and dangerous even to you.
2062. Essence Embodiment,7.8
#You are the embodiment of essence itself, possessing the purest form of essence that cannot be changed or altered by any means. You can even possess any and all essences of various species simultaneously, making you a living library of fundamental nature.
2063. Essence Physiology,6.4
#Your body is composed entirely of essence, a homogeneous matter where no part is more important than any other. Your form can appear anatomically normal, with essence-energy flowing through your cells, bones and muscles fortifying them greatly, or you can become a pure essence-energy being. Your power is mostly focused through your body, making you a walking fortress of fundamental being.
2064. Essenceless Activity,4.6
#You can continue to move, fight and function even without your life force or spirit. Should your essence be removed, your soul detached, or while astral projecting, your body still acts normally, though you may have reduced speed and strength in this state.
2065. Eternal Bond,8.9
#You share a bond with someone or something so profound it transcends the very concept of connection. This bond is not limited by emotion, species, form, space, time or reality itself, and it can exist between anything - lovers, enemies, a wielder and weapon, an entity and a concept. Whatever your bond, it cannot be severed by any means below true omnipotence.
2066. Eternal Evolution,8.6
#You exist in a constant state of evolution, capable of evolving past any obstacle, limitation, restriction or opponent regardless of your current condition. Unlike adaptation, this is not dependent on external factors - you simply grow endlessly and infinitely. The downside is that your evolution is not guided by your will, and may develop in directions detrimental to your goals or even self-destructive.
2067. Eternal Existence,9.6
#You have no beginning and no end. You were never created and will never cease, existing at all points of time even where existence itself is impossible. No matter how far anyone looks into the past or future, they will never find a point where you start or end. You are immune to death, destruction, erasure, and time itself, free from the boundaries of reality and concept.
2068. Eternal Function,5.6
#Your body and its parts continue to function even when too damaged or destroyed to do so normally. You can eat and digest food without a stomach, you can think and move without a nervous system, you can bleed and breathe through bodies that should not be able to. You can still be killed, but only if every part of you is destroyed simultaneously with nothing left.
2069. Eternal Imprint,6.8
#You will always exist as a memory in the minds of everyone in existence, both before and after your death. More powerful users of this ability can continue to exist as a living memory even after their entire concept has been erased from reality. Memory Erasure may be the only thing that threatens you.
2070. Eternal Transcendence,9.5
#You exist in a state of perpetual transcendence, endlessly ascending beyond your current state of being, concepts, and levels of reality without limit. Every moment you grow further beyond all laws and principles, seeing lower realities as meaningless fiction. Given enough time, you will exist beyond absolutely everything.
2071. Eternity Embodiment,9.1
#You are the physical personification of Eternity itself, having no beginning and no end. You embody endlessness and beginninglessness, granting you control over everything considered infinite or without origin. You have always existed and always will, for you are the concept made flesh.
2072. Ethereal Mimicry,6.3
#Your body is made of pure Ether, the substance that pervades all universal space and exists between the planes of matter and energy. You take on the properties of both, becoming neither fully physical nor fully energetic, but something transcendent that bridges the two.
2073. Eudaemon Physiology,6.4
#You are or can transform into a Eudaemon, a benevolent divine spirit of happiness and guardianship. Your body is suffused with holy essence, granting you divine physical abilities, aura, and a benevolent presence that inspires goodness in those around you. Vulnerable to divine slayers and anti-divine powers.
2074. Event Immunity,7.6
#You are immune to events and event-based powers, the significance and aftermath of manipulated or altered events simply fail to touch you. Even changes wrought by time travel slide off without leaving a mark. Weak against Temporal Bypassing and you may find yourself immune to beneficial events as well, for better or worse.
2075. Evil Aura,4.2
#Your essence is so saturated with evil that your aura bleeds it, influencing wicked activities just by contact. You can release and surround yourself with malefic energies for defense or offense, gaining enhanced physical capabilities, flight through aura propulsion, and an intimidating presence that makes most people want to cross the street.
2076. Evil Empowerment,3.6
#You grow stronger, faster and more durable in the presence of evil and malice, whether from others or from within yourself. Exposure to wickedness may unlock new abilities and enhance existing ones, and you can draw sustenance from cruelty itself. Drop you in a Buddhist monastery and you will be significantly less impressive.
2077. Evil Eye Embodiment,7.3
#You are a living embodiment of the Evil Eye, a conceptual being with destructive gaze-based attacks that transcend natural law. Your form tends toward the inhumanly ugly or monstrous, cyclopean or otherwise marking you as a harbinger of ruin. Universally evil in alignment, with immense destructive potential, but your supernatural weak point tends to be obvious to those who know what to look for.
2078. Evil Immunity,6.6
#You are immune to anything that can be considered evil, including all wicked influences, activities, beings and essences. Nothing malevolent can touch you, though anything neutral or good-aligned can still hurt just fine. If you yourself become incapable of committing evil, that may itself become a vulnerability your enemies can exploit.
2079. Evolution Empowerment,4.3
#You become stronger, faster and more durable through the act of evolving, possibly unlocking new abilities and enhancing your existing powers with every step forward. You may be able to draw sustenance from evolution itself and slow or stop aging. The more growth happens around you, the more you benefit.
2080. Evolutionary Immortality,6.7
#You are or can become immortal through evolutionary adaptation, your body constantly reshaping itself to survive whatever situation it encounters. A mortal who gains this trait can accumulate new forms of immortality over time, magical, genetic, cosmic, along with new powers and skills. Can still be killed before adaptation completes by absolute death or total atomic disintegration.
2081. Evolutionary Template,8.3
#You are the foundation and template for the evolutionary process of an entire race or species, the building block all their progression was based on. Every step they have taken, or will take, traces back to you as either their origin or the ultimate endpoint of their evolutionary path. Unlike a Prime Being, you may or may not be the first of their kind. Weak against Devolution.
2082. Exceptional Sex Appeal,3.2
#Your physical form, scent, and voice are carnally irresistible on a primal level, bypassing logic and striking directly at base desires. Even a glance from you can leave people flustered. Those with Indomitable Will or incompatible tastes are unaffected, and depending on your circumstances this can be a blessing or a heavy curse.
2083. Execution Device Mimicry,3.4
#You are or can transform into a tool of execution, a guillotine, noose, electric chair, or something more exotic. Your form is purpose-built for killing, and in some cases may only activate against targets who would otherwise deserve the death penalty.
2084. Exercise Equipment Mimicry,1.9
#You are or can transform into any form of exercise equipment, from a humble dumbbell to a full squat rack. Deeply silly, but you're almost impossible to break in this form.
2085. Exertion Defiance,3.8
#Forces exerted on you accelerate you less than they should. Pushes, pulls, kicks and throws all land like they're hitting something far heavier than you are. You're not immovable, but you are much, much harder to move than your body should allow.
2086. Exhaust Protrusion,3.2
#Your body can grow exhaust ports and propulsion systems at will. Expel gases for flight, fire for attacks, or steam for defense. Your biology smoothly integrates fuel burn and venting as if you were built half-machine.
2087. Existence Embodiment,9.3
#You are the personification of existence itself, the living concept of being. So long as anything exists, you exist through it, and your authority over that which is extends as far as existence does. Only a Void Embodiment that predates you could truly challenge what you are.
2088. Existential Distinction,9.5
#Your essence is absolutely other, a singularity of being that nothing else in all of existence shares. You are distinguished from everything, everywhere, everywhen and everyhow, without exception, making you fundamentally incomparable and incompatible with any law, power, or category that would try to group you with something else. You are simply, and only, yourself.
2089. Existential Perfection,9.9
#You are an existentially perfect being. While you exist, you are complete, absolute, and infinite in every sense and aspect, with no limitation of any kind applying to you. Nothing in living existence can surpass or even approach you, as imperfection itself cannot touch what you are.
2090. Existential Plane Empowerment,6.5
#You draw strength, speed, and durability from the existential planes themselves, the planar forces empowering you and unlocking new abilities tied to your affinity. You may even draw sustenance from them, slowing or stopping your aging entirely. Cut off from these planes, however, you are significantly weaker than your peak.
2091. Exorcism Immunity,3.2
#You are immune to exorcisms and cannot be forcibly removed from a host or vessel. Priests, shamans, and ritualists trying to banish you find their words and rites hollow. Purification may still affect you, and if the host body dies you may still be forced to retreat to a noncorporeal state.
2092. Exotic Human Physiology,4.5
#You are an exotic human, a fantastical variant of humanity itself such as those born of medieval caricatures or misunderstood cultures. You possess unique traits and powers tied to whichever mythic human lineage you belong to, and are still considered human in essence despite your strangeness. You remain mortal, and some exotic humans are one of a kind.
2093. Expanding Brain,3.3
#Your brain is constantly growing, and that continuous expansion comes with various supernatural abilities tied to your swelling intellect. The longer you live, the more your mind expands and the stranger your mental gifts become. Your skull is always at risk of bursting, and mundane situations may become difficult as your head keeps changing shape.
2094. Experience Empowerment,4.8
#Your body and soul feed on experience itself, growing stronger, faster and tougher the more experience you or those around you accumulate. Veterans around you make you sharper by proximity, and with enough ambient experience you can even slow your own aging. If deprived of experience entirely, you weaken.
2095. Explosion Immunity,4.5
#You are completely immune to explosions. You can walk out of a burning building unscathed, stand in the crater of a grenade without flinching, or drive a car that just had its engine blown. Absolute Explosions can still hurt you, and you may still feel the shockwave and pain even without taking damage.
2096. Explosive Blood,3.3
#Your blood is dangerously unstable, violently detonating whenever it's spilled. Enemies that cut you open get an unpleasant surprise, but a hard enough impact from the outside may also be enough to set you off from the inside.
2097. Explosive Bodily Fluids,3.5
#All of your bodily fluids — blood, saliva, sweat, tears, whatever — are explosive and can be detonated on contact or at will. Spitting at an enemy becomes a grenade toss, and bleeding on someone becomes a last-ditch weapon. Useless against those with Explosion Immunity.
2098. Explosive Body Parts,3.6
#One or more of your body parts are volatile explosives, capable of detonating to damage nearby targets. Losing that body part to the blast may leave you vulnerable, and regeneration, if you have it, may not be fast enough to save you in the moment.
2099. Explosive Ingestion,1.4
#You can eat bombs, grenades, and other explosives without suffering any harm. Sufficiently powerful explosives may still hurt, so don't try to swallow a nuke.
2100. Explosive Mucus,1.6
#Your snot is explosive. Blowing your nose becomes a tactical consideration and flicking a booger becomes a war crime.
2101. Explosive Saliva,2.2
#Your spit is explosive. Distance, precision and yield depend on your skill and lung power, and casual drooling becomes a hazard to yourself and others.
2102. Exposed Brain,1.5
#Your brain is exposed and you live perfectly fine without a skull to cover it. Horrifying to look at, mildly inconvenient when it rains.
2103. Expressive Ears,1.1
#Your ears physically express your emotions and moods, drooping when sad, perking when excited, twitching when annoyed. You may not be able to control them, which makes hiding your feelings impossible.
2104. Expressive Hair,1.6
#Your hair moves on its own in response to your moods, bristling when angry, wilting when sad, curling when delighted. You may not be able to control it, so it broadcasts your emotions whether you like it or not.
2105. Expressive Skin,1.3
#Your skin shifts color or pattern to reflect your emotions and moods, a bit like a cuttlefish. You may not be able to control it, so lying or hiding your feelings is basically out of the question.
2106. External Invulnerability,4.1
#You are immune to any form of damage as long as it is applied to the outside of your body. Skin, bones, and outer organs are untouchable, but internal attacks, poisons, and sonic strikes can still ruin your day.
2107. External Nervous-System,3.8
#Your nervous system exists outside your body, rendering you immune to pain and physical shock. The system itself has its own locomotion and life, but if it is harmed you feel it in full, so keep it hidden and safe.
2108. External Organ,3.2
#You use a disconnected object or location outside your body as one of your organs. Great as backup insurance if your internal organs fail, but others can damage your organ without ever touching you, and poor maintenance leads to disease.
2109. Extra Teeth,0.4
#You have a higher number of teeth than a normal person. Makes dental visits more expensive and your smile slightly unsettling.
2110. Extra-Dimensional Energy Mimicry,5.7
#Your body is made of or can transform into extra-dimensional energy, retaining your full anatomy but reshaped into otherworldly power. Energy drain and dimensional distortion are potentially fatal to your form.
2111. Extra-Dimensional Symbiosis,6.2
#You host an extra-dimensional being living in or on your body, granting you enhanced condition, altered physiology, foreign energy control, and even minor manipulation of physical laws. Powerful symbiotes can harm, destroy, or possess their host if you aren't careful.
2112. Extra-Spatiotemporal Presence,9.1
#You exist outside of space and time entirely, making you immune to nearly anything that could affect or harm you. If time stops, you move; if reality changes, you remember both versions; if the planet vanishes, you simply aren't affected. Binding you requires dragging you back into spacetime first.
2113. Extraspatial Presence,8.4
#You exist outside of space itself, making you immune to physical attacks and all spatial powers like Spatial Slicing or Remote Teleportation. Time still affects you though, so you can still age and be manipulated temporally.
2114. Extratemporal Presence,8.4
#You exist outside of time itself, rendering you ageless, foodless, sleepless, and immune to disease progression and temporal powers. Your body reverts to its locked state, but spatial powers still affect you and healing is tricky since healing requires time to pass.
2115. Extreme Specialization,3.6
#You are a natural min-maxer, you can dump certain stats or skills to radically amplify others. Want Supernatural Speed? Trade away your durability and become a glass cannon. The trade-offs are always equal but the weaknesses you gain are often more severe than the strengths they fuel.
2116. Extreme Temperature Resistance,2.3
#You can comfortably survive in a wide range of hot and cold temperatures without discomfort. You still have limits and you are not immune to other related effects like smoke, debris or slippery ice, but the temperature itself simply does not bother you.
2117. Eye Color Shifting,0.7
#You can change your own eye color at will. Useful for disguises, vibes or matching your outfit.
2118. Eye Empowerment,3.6
#You grow stronger, faster and more durable when near eyes, whether your own or others'. Being in a crowd empowers you, and you may even draw sustenance from eyes or slow your own aging through them. If blinded, you may need Blindsight to keep functioning.
2119. Eye Mimicry,2.6
#You are or can transform into a giant eyeball of any shape or size. In full eye form you may need assistance to move around since eyes do not typically come with limbs, but your sensory abilities become unmatched.
2120. Eyeless Perception,4.2
#You can perceive the world without eyes at all, whether you have empty sockets, smooth skin where eyes should be or simply never had them. Your perception often exceeds normal vision and you are immune to most blinding effects. May take a moment for the alternate senses to kick in if suddenly gained.
2121. Eyestalk Protrusion,1.8
#You can extend your eyes on long stalks, giving them a much wider field of view. Perfect for peeking over walls, around corners, or just looking deeply unsettling at parties.
2122. Eyewear Mimicry,2.0
#You can transform yourself into eyewear, whether glasses, goggles or a visor. Your transformed form either retains your organs and is vulnerable, or becomes homogeneous eyewear-matter without weak points. Rarely useful on its own but great for infiltration.
2123. Face Mimicry,2.8
#You are made of or can transform your body into a face or a collection of faces. You may remain anatomically identical with your organs intact, or become homogeneous face-matter where no part is more vulnerable than another. Unsettling to behold but surprisingly versatile.
2124. Faceless Perception,4.3
#You can perceive the world despite lacking facial features entirely. When your original senses are removed, new and unique senses manifest that let you perceive, hear and smell in ways no normal creature can. You are also immune to destructive sources targeting your face. May take time for the new senses to kick in.
2125. Fachan Physiology,4.5
#Scottish Folklore - You take on the traits of a Fachan, a hideous one-eyed, one-armed, one-legged giant from Scottish folklore. You gain immense strength and durability along with a natural affinity for club weapons, but your irrational hatred for all other forms of life makes you predictable and you are weak to holy relics and prayers.
2126. Failure Embodiment,5.2
#You embody the concept of failure, the state of not meeting a desired objective. You can inflict crushing defeat onto others and warp events so that efforts collapse around you, but no matter how powerful you become, you too will ultimately fail in the end.
2127. Failure Empowerment,3.5
#You grow stronger, faster and more durable from failure, whether your own or others'. Every loss feeds you and may unlock new abilities, but success weakens you and Victory Inducement users are your bane.
2128. Fairy Mouse Physiology,2.2
#You are or can transform into a fairy mouse, the folkloric rodent cousin of the Tooth Fairy found in French and Spanish tales. Small, quick and magical, but still very much mouse-sized.
2129. Superior Fairy Physiology,6.4
#You are a superior fairy, standing far above the common fae in power, elegance and magic. You wield the full range of fairy abilities at a level most lesser fairies cannot hope to match, though traditional fae weaknesses like iron still apply unless you train against them.
2130. Transcendent Fairy Physiology,8.0
#You are a transcendent fairy, a fae who has ascended to a godly state and stands as one of the most powerful fairies in existence. You wield divine fae magic on a sweeping scale, though Divine Slayers, Omnislayers and transcendent weaponry can still threaten you.
2131. Fairy Physiology,5.0
#You are or can transform into a fairy, a supernatural being tied to magic, nature and realms beyond mortal understanding. Your form is strikingly beautiful and your essence blurs the line between material and spiritual, though cold iron can repel and wound you and by folklore you cannot tell an outright lie.
2132. Fairy Soul,5.3
#You are not a true fairy but you possess the soul of one, granting you fae-like powers, the ability to manifest wings and a heavy reservoir of magic stored within your body. Like a fairy you can embody a natural concept such as a season or an element.
2133. Fairy-Vampire Physiology,5.7
#You are a hybrid of fae and vampire, a creature once thought impossible. You possess the powers of both bloodlines, are immune to sunlight and the invitation rule, and can still eat ordinary food. You grow stronger with age but remain vulnerable to wooden stakes, fire, and enchantments meant to bind the fair folk.
2134. Falcon Physiology,3.0
#You are or can transform into a falcon, either partially or fully. You gain incredible aerial agility, sharp eyes capable of spotting prey from absurd distances, and the signature hunting dive that can exceed 200 mph.
2135. Fall Damage Immunity,3.3
#You take zero damage from falling, no matter the height. Drop you off a skyscraper and you will land perfectly fine, though whatever is on the ground, be it lava, spikes, or a very angry crowd, can still ruin your day.
2136. Fall Damage Resistance,2.0
#Your body shrugs off fall damage far better than a normal person's. A two-story drop is nothing, a five-story drop leaves you bruised but standing. Not quite invulnerable, but enough to turn fatal falls into survivable ones.
2137. Fallout Adaptation,3.6
#Your body adapts to radiation, pollution, and toxic fallout on levels that would kill or mutate anyone else. You can drink irradiated water, eat contaminated food, and walk through wastelands that would strip the flesh from a normal person.
2138. Fallout Mimicry,5.4
#Your body is made of or can transform into fallout, whether nuclear ash, volcanic tephra, or other catastrophic residue. Attacks pass through your homogeneous form, but simply being near you is a death sentence for anything living that isn't equally adapted.
2139. False Divinity,6.5
#You possess an artificial form of divinity, a pseudo-godhood fueled by the belief others hold in you or the belief you hold in yourself. You are considered holy and wield divine-tier power, but true gods can still bring you low, and a crisis of faith can unravel everything you are.
2140. False Physiology,5.6
#Your body looks human but is actually made of something else entirely, be it stone, metal, wood, or animated flesh. You never need to eat, sleep, or breathe, feel no pain, and cannot be poisoned or sickened. Whatever your true material is, that is what drives you.
2141. Famine Derivation,8.6
#You are the primordial source of all famine, hunger, and starvation across the cosmos. Every empty stomach, every failed harvest, every decaying field draws from you. You have total dominion over famine and everything connected to it, though you can never escape the role without passing it to another, and your death would end all hunger forever.
2142. Fan Mimicry,3.0
#Your body can transform into a fan or a mass of fans, either partially or fully. In homogeneous form your organs are dispersed throughout you, making targeted attacks nearly useless, though you still suffer the weaknesses of the material.
2143. Fang Retraction,1.7
#You possess abnormally sharp, retractable fangs capable of delivering a deadly bite. You can hide them in polite company and bring them out when the situation calls for tearing something's throat out.
2144. Fantastic-Matter Blood,5.8
#Your blood is fantastic-matter given flesh, coursing through your veins with supernatural potency. It enhances your physical condition and grants you a suite of fantastic-matter abilities, though blood absorption and fantastic-matter negation are serious vulnerabilities.
2145. Fantastic-Matter Immunity,4.4
#You are completely immune to fantastic-matter and all abilities rooted in it, taking no damage from direct or indirect effects. The stronger or more exotic the matter, the harder it is to maintain, and targeted immunity bypass can still catch you off guard.
2146. Fantastic-Matter Mimicry,5.0
#Your body is made of, or can transform into, fantastic-matter. You gain all the supernatural properties of the material you embody, from indestructibility to exotic power generation, with skilled users keeping an anatomically normal form beneath the exotic substance.
2147. Fantastic-Matter Power Link,4.0
#Your fantastic-matter nature is directly linked to your powers, feeding and strengthening them through its exotic essence. If the material destabilizes your powers may go out of control, and fantastic-matter negation is a hard counter.
2148. Fantastic-Matter Quintessence,6.5
#You are an infinite wellspring of fantastic-matter, generating the exotic material endlessly from your own body rather than drawing from the world around you. This limitless reservoir can empower your physical and mental attributes, fuel any invention, or be handed out as raw material, though your body can only handle so much at once before you need food and rest.
2149. Fantastic-Matter Resistance,3.2
#You are highly resistant to the effects of exotic supermaterials like unobtainium, vibranium and adamantium. Not full immunity though, enough of the stuff thrown at you can still harm or even kill you.
2150. Fantastic-Matter Symbiosis,5.7
#You host a fantastic-matter entity within your body, gaining powerful abilities tied to whatever exotic material it embodies. The bond is dangerous though, as the entity may attempt to possess you or the matter itself may slowly harm your body.
2151. Fantastic-Metal Mimicry,5.7
#Your body is made of or can transform into a fantastic-metal such as mithril or adamantium, granting you supernatural durability while retaining your anatomy. Alternatively you can go fully homogeneous, losing the vulnerability of organs in exchange for losing fine internal structure.
2152. Fantasy Embodiment,7.6
#You are the living embodiment of Fantasy itself, the concept of stories, imagination, wishes, desires, magic, the supernatural, and all that is not. Wherever you walk the impossible becomes plausible and the dreamed-of begins to take shape around you.
2153. Fantasy Vehicle Mimicry,4.0
#You are or can transform into a fantasy vehicle, such as a chariot, magic carpet, ghost ship, or time machine. May require special fuel and tends to buckle under anti-magic.
2154. Fantasy World Defiance,7.3
#You can ignore the rules, physics and logic of any fantasy or fictional world, substituting your own truth and context in their place. This lets you do what should be impossible within those worlds and makes you effectively immune to their conceits.
2155. Fantasy World Immunity,6.6
#You are immune to the physics and logic of any fantasy world you enter, retaining the rules of your own world wherever you go. Omni-absorption and immunity-bypassing powers are the perfect counters to this.
2156. Fashion Ability Manifestation,4.6
#You gain abilities based on what you wear. Put on a knight's armor and you gain chivalry and swordsmanship, wear a cook's apron and you gain culinary intuition, drape yourself in a bear pelt and you gain the strength of a bear. The rarer and more meaningful the garment, the stronger the manifested ability. You lose these powers the moment the clothing comes off.
2157. Fastener Immunity,3.3
#You are immune to anything that fastens or anchors things in place. Ropes, chains, bolts, nails, screws, and glue cannot keep you from moving what you are holding. Useful for escapology and moving heavy furniture, but extremely heavy anchored objects may still resist.
2158. Fat Armor,3.2
#Kevlard - Your body fat is so thick and dense that it functions as body armor, causing physical attacks to bounce right off. Areas with less fat, like the head, are less protected, so keep your guard up.
2159. Fat Mimicry,3.8
#Allows you to transform your body completely into fat, either anatomically identical to your normal form or as homogeneous adipose matter. You gain the flexibility and shock absorption of fat but become highly sensitive to heat, potentially melting if exposed to high temperatures.
2160. Fate Immunity,6.2
#You are immune and free from every fate. You can act and think as you wish without following any predictable design, making your own mark in life without the chains of destiny. You can still be tricked or coerced into certain courses of action, however.
2161. Fathomless Mind,8.6
#Your intelligence operates on a level beyond normal eldritch minds, existing in a state beyond the conception of thought, logic or reason. Compared to your mind, even other alien intellects are like puddles to an ocean. No telepath, mind reader or psychic entity can parse you, and any attempt to do so may shatter their own mind.
2162. Fear Countenance,3.2
#Your true face is the stuff of nightmares. Anyone who lays eyes on it is struck with primal, paralyzing fear. Ineffective against the blind or anything without a survival instinct like drones or the truly apathetic.
2163. Fear Derivation,9.3
#You are the primordial source of all fear across the cosmos. Every shiver of dread, every panicked heartbeat, every nightmare flows from your existence. You have absolute dominion over fear in all its forms, but should you ever die, all fear would vanish with you and the universe would lose one of its binding forces.
2164. Fear Embodiment,7.4
#You are the living personification of fear itself, drawing power and sustenance from every fearful thought in existence. You exist beyond dimensional constraints since fear does too, and you cannot truly die as long as something, somewhere, is afraid.
2165. Fear Empowerment,3.6
#The more fear surrounds you, be it your own or others', the stronger, faster and tougher you become. In a room full of terrified people you are a monster, but in the absence of fear you are just you.
2166. Fear Gorta Physiology,5.2
#Irish Folklore - You are or can become a Fear Gorta, a gaunt phantom of starvation that wanders during famine. Those who cross your path may stumble onto Hungry Grass and starve even with food in their stomachs. Appeased by alms, vulnerable to cold iron and divine relics.
2167. Fear Immunity,3.8
#You are incapable of feeling fear, anxiety or dread, no matter the situation. You can think clearly and act decisively in scenarios that would reduce others to gibbering wrecks. Warning, fear exists for a reason, and without it you may make reckless decisions that get you killed.
2168. Fear Liath Physiology,5.0
#Scottish Folklore - You are or can become a Fear Liath, a malevolent mountain spirit that haunts high peaks and induces crushing paranoia in climbers. Your power is strongest in remote, cold and isolated regions and you may be bound to such places as a genius loci.
2169. Fearsome Critter Physiology,3.4
#American Folklore - You are or can transform into a Fearsome Critter, one of the bizarre creatures of lumberjack tall tales. Hidebehinds, hodags, squonks and splinter cats are all fair game. Most are more amusing than frightening but a few are genuinely dangerous.
2170. Feather Dragon Physiology,5.7
#You are or can transform into a Feathered Dragon, a dragon artificially modified through magic and alchemy to have an aerodynamic build and feathered coat. You absorb the type of magic that was used to create your kind, granting you an affinity for that school alongside your draconic might.
2171. Feather Manifestation,2.2
#You have or can grow feathers over your body, aiding in flight, waterproofing and thermal insulation. Some users can retract them at will to pass as normal.
2172. Feather Wing Manifestation,3.6
#You can grow and retract feathered wings from your back, using them for flight, offense or defense. The wings can range from sparrow-like to full angelic splendor depending on your nature.
2173. Feline Companionship,2.3
#You have a natural bond with felines of all kinds, from housecats to tigers to mythological beasts. Cats simply take to you, and any feline you befriend is loyal for life. A soft power, but comforting in its own way.
2174. Feline Dragon Physiology,5.4
#You are or can transform into a feline dragon, a draconic being with the grace, senses, and predatory instincts of a cat combined with the raw power of a dragon. You possess enhanced physical stats, draconic breath, and the agility of a hunting feline. Vulnerable to both dragon slayers and feline manipulators.
2175. Feline Physiology,3.5
#You possess the traits and abilities of a feline, from enhanced reflexes, night vision, and balance to retractable claws and the ability to always land on your feet. You may fully or partially transform into a cat of any species.
2176. Felinefolk Physiology,3.4
#You are a felinefolk, a humanoid with the traits of a cat. You have enhanced reflexes, claws, fangs, night vision, and the natural grace of a feline, along with an unmistakable appearance that draws attention wherever you go.
2177. Felis Physiology,3.1
#You are or can transform into a domestic cat or one of its wild relatives. You possess all the instincts, reflexes, and flexibility of a real feline, and can shift between fully human, fully cat, or somewhere delightfully in between.
2178. Felisoid Physiology,3.3
#You are a felisoid, a cat-like humanoid with the traits and instincts of a housecat scaled up to a person. Soft paws, retractable claws, flexible spine, and an intensely curious disposition. Less imposing than a felinefolk tiger type but arguably more charming.
2179. Fenghuang Physiology,6.4
#Chinese Mythology - You are or can transform into a Fenghuang, the phoenix that rules over all birds. You possess immense grace and beauty, control over fire and wind, the ability to bless the righteous and harbinger great fortune, and a regal presence that commands respect from every avian creature and many spiritual beings.
2180. Fenodyree Physiology,3.2
#Manx Folklore - You are a fenodyree, a small, shaggy brownie who aids mortals during the night in exchange for food and milk. You work at supernatural speeds, capable of gathering an entire harvest or cleaning an entire estate in a single night. Never accept clothing as payment, it will offend you so deeply you'll abandon the household forever.
2181. Fenri Physiology,7.4
#Norse Mythology - You are or can transform into Fenrir, the monstrous wolf fated to devour Odin at Ragnarök. As Fenrir, your size, strength, and ferocity grow with your rage and hunger, and your bite can tear through gods. Only bindings of potent magic can restrain you, and prophecy itself tries to chain your fate.
2182. Fertility Embodiment,6.2
#You are the embodiment of fertility itself, with limitless command over the natural capacity to produce offspring and growth. Life blossoms wherever you walk, barren lands bloom, and creatures around you are filled with vitality and the drive to create new life.
2183. Fertilizing Blood,2.9
#Your blood induces fertility wherever it falls, causing plants to sprout from the soil and restoring vitality to animals and land. Shed a few drops on a barren field and watch life erupt. Your body, however, may not be immune to its own effects.
2184. Fertilizing Bodily Fluids,3.1
#(Nsfw-adjacent) All of your bodily fluids, blood, sweat, saliva, tears, and the more intimate ones, induce fertility in whatever they touch. Plants bloom where you weep, fields flourish where you bleed, and certain other applications are best left unremarked.
2185. Fertilizing Tears,2.4
#Your tears induce fertility in plants, animals, and soil. Cry over a dead plant and it will bloom again, weep on a barren field and it will flourish. A bittersweet gift, especially if your tears are uncontrollable.
2186. Fext Physiology,5.7
#Slavic Mythology - You are a Fext, an undead humanoid made bulletproof and near-invincible through a pact with malevolent forces. Conventional weapons slide off you, wounds close almost instantly, and assassination attempts fail one after another. Only glass bullets or wooden stakes from sapling ties can truly kill you, and the demonic pact that made you may still be collecting its price.
2187. Fictional Empowerment,4.6
#You grow stronger, faster and more durable in the presence of fictional powers, objects, energies or worlds, and may even unlock abilities associated with whatever fictional source you draw from. Strong enough users can feed on fiction itself and slow or stop aging through it.
2188. Fictional Entity Physiology,6.5
#You are, or can transform into, a fictional character of your own design or one pulled from existing media, complete with their powers, abilities and physiology. Real World Enforcement pushes back against your form, and Abolishment is even worse.
2189. Fictional Physics,6.0
#You are governed by altered laws of physics pulled from any kind of fiction, which can manifest as an extremely broad suite of abilities depending on which fictional logic takes hold. You may also inherit the weaknesses of whichever fiction your body is currently mimicking.
2190. Fighting Instinct,5.4
#You possess the innate aptitude of the ultimate fighting machine. In any combat, your body automatically identifies the optimal course of offense, defense, evasion, and counter without conscious thought, allowing you to resist fear and pain and push past your physical limits to secure victory.
2191. Fin Blades,2.6
#You possess blade-tipped fins that can be used as cutting weapons while also granting you decent swimming ability. Lose the fins and the power goes with them.
2192. Fin Guards,2.4
#You possess armored dorsal fins that function as both shields and swimming instruments. They block blows like steel plates and still let you cut through water.
2193. Finger Vision,3.3
#You possess extra eyes or equivalent sensory organs on your fingertips, granting you extremely flexible sight and up to 360 degrees of vision. The downside is obvious weak points on your hands and a heavy processing burden for all the extra viewpoints.
2194. Fire Elemental Physiology,4.3
#You are or can transform into a fire elemental, a creature born of flame and heat with a natural affinity for all things fire. Your elemental form grants you potent pyrokinetic abilities but leaves you vulnerable to ice, water and fire negation.
2195. Fire Embodiment,8.6
#You are the embodiment of fire itself, possessing absolute control and immunity over all flames. At the pinnacle of this power you are omnipotent over fire, able to do anything and everything with it, from igniting stars to snuffing out primordial infernos with a thought.
2196. Fire Empowerment,3.3
#You become stronger, faster and more durable when in contact with fire, drawing power and even sustenance from its flames. The larger and hotter the flame, the more your abilities are enhanced, but ice and water weaken you considerably.
2197. Fire Extinguisher Mimicry,1.1
#You are or can transform into a fire extinguisher, retaining your anatomy in the form of pressurized foam and red metal. A deeply strange gift, but at least you'll never be caught without one in an emergency.
2198. Fire Giant Physiology,5.4
#You possess the traits of a fire giant, combining the raw physical might of giants with potent fire-based abilities. Your size, strength and heat are overwhelming to mortals, but ice, water and giant-slaying weapons are your natural enemies.
2199. Fire Horse Physiology,5.7
#Greek Myth - You are or can transform into a Fire-Horse, a mythic immortal steed capable of generating celestial and earthly flames and flying without wings. These were the horses the gods used to pull their chariots across the heavens.
2200. Fire Immunity,3.5
#You are completely immune to fire, able to walk through burning buildings and withstand oven-level temperatures without so much as blistering. Be careful though, since fire spreads naturally, you could become a living candle and torch everything around you by accident.
2201. Fire Mimicry,4.5
#Your body is made of or can transform entirely into fire, your form retaining its anatomy as living flame. In this state you gain the properties of fire itself, becoming hard to grasp and burning everything you touch, but water and ice are dangerous to you.
2202. Fire Quintessence,6.3
#Your body is an infinite furnace, generating endless fire from within rather than drawing it from the environment. This limitless combustion can be used to enhance your physical and mental attributes, generate any kind of flame, or power machinery. You can only channel so much at once before your body and mind need rest.
2203. Fire Skeleton Mimicry,4.8
#Your body is or can transform into a blazing skeleton wreathed in eternal flame. You gain the durability and tirelessness of the undead alongside full pyrokinetic output from your bones, making you a walking pyre that refuses to die.
2204. Fire Slime Mimicry,4.3
#You can transform your body into a living flaming slime, gaining the malleability of ooze combined with the heat and damage of fire. You can squeeze through gaps, reform from splatter and incinerate whatever you engulf. Weak against water and ice-based abilities.
2205. Fire Soul,5.2
#Your soul is made entirely of fire, and you can manifest it outside your body to perform spiritual feats or channel its flames into concussive blasts. Immunity to fire's damage doesn't mean immunity to the pain, and any Soul or Fire Absorber is a direct hard counter.
2206. Fire Symbiosis,5.5
#You host a fire-based entity within your body, a flame elemental or ethereal being of heat that grants you powerful pyrokinetic abilities in exchange for sharing your flesh. The stronger the bond, the greater the power, but the entity may try to possess you or burn you out from the inside if you lose the upper hand.
2207. Fire Tail,2.6
#You can manifest a tail made of fire extending from your lower back, used to whip attackers, guard your rear or simply look intimidating. The tail burns anything it touches and can extend or retract at will.
2208. Firefly Physiology,2.3
#You are or can transform into a firefly, either partially or fully. You gain the ability to produce bioluminescent light from your body, communicate in soft glowing pulses, and in full form, flight on delicate wings. Great for ambience, less so for combat.
2209. Firefox Physiology,5.4
#Finnish Folklore - You are or can transform into a Revontulet, the mythical firefox whose tail sparks the aurora borealis. As you sprint across snow and strike tree or stone with your tail, brilliant auroras ignite the sky, and the sparks themselves carry real heat and beauty. Your speed and grace in cold climates are unmatched.
2210. Fish Monster Physiology,4.0
#You are or can transform into a hulking fish monster, either partially or fully. In this form you possess immense physical strength, a terrifying maw, and the full aquatic dominance of a deep-sea horror. Surface folk tend not to stick around to chat.
2211. Fish People Physiology,3.6
#You are or can transform into a fishperson, a humanoid with a scaled, fish-like body and face. You possess enhanced strength, underwater breathing, and far greater swimming speed and agility than any human. Your scales may dry under prolonged sun or heat, so stay hydrated.
2212. Fish Physiology,2.8
#You are or can transform into a fish, either partially or fully. Includes everything from hagfish and lampreys to sharks and tuna, granting underwater breathing, swimming, and the traits of whichever fish you choose. Transitioning back to land may take practice.
2213. Fitness Acceleration,3.9
#Your body adapts to physical training far faster and further than any normal member of your species. You can undertake regimes that would cripple or kill others and emerge stronger for it, your genetics keeping pace with your ambition. Peak human fitness is a stepping stone, not a ceiling.
2214. Fitness Preservation,3.5
#Your physical fitness is locked in regardless of diet, exercise or substance abuse. You could live on junk food and beer and remain as toned and agile as a marathon runner. Every gym goer's envy and every doctor's nightmare.
2215. Fixed Direction,4.7
#Your direction of motion is absolute; once you are moving somewhere, nothing short of absolute defense can change where you are going. You can be sped up, slowed down or even stopped entirely, but your heading is yours alone to alter. Perfect for charging through walls of enemies on a straight line.
2216. Fixed Duration,4.8
#The time you take to move any distance is a fixed constant, no matter the circumstances. Whether you cross a room or a mile, the duration is the same to you, meaning greater distances effectively become faster travel. Gravity, drag and terrain cannot change your duration, only your reach.
2217. Fixed Speed,4.6
#Your speed when moving is an unalterable constant; nothing can slow you, stop you or speed you up while in motion. Your direction can still be changed with enough force, and absolute defense can still halt you, but within those limits you are a tireless, unceasing projectile.
2218. Flame Head,3.3
#Your head is made entirely of fire, as is tradition for demons and ghost riders alike. You cannot be harmed through the head and can ignite or extinguish it at will, though strong wind or water may douse it temporarily.
2219. Flaming Wings,3.0
#You possess wings made of fire that do not harm you, letting you fly with a blazing trail behind you. Looks incredible, though the flames can be extinguished by heavy rain or strong wind, grounding you until they relight.
2220. Flamingo Physiology,2.0
#You possess the traits and abilities of a flamingo, able to transform partially or fully. You gain impressive balance on one leg, filter-feeding capability and pink coloration, though predators like big cats and hyenas remain a concern.
2221. Flammable Blood,3.2
#Your blood ignites upon contact with air, making every wound a potential weapon. You can use it offensively by bleeding onto enemies, but without a regeneration factor or blood generation, you risk bleeding out or setting yourself entirely on fire.
2222. Flammable Bodily Fluids,3.3
#All of your bodily fluids - blood, saliva, sweat, mucus, even urine - are flammable and can be set alight. An extremely versatile combat option provided you don't accidentally combust during a hot summer day.
2223. Flammable Saliva,2.3
#Your saliva can be set on fire, turning every spit into a tiny molotov. With a lighter or flint, you can effectively breathe fire, though you should probably avoid chewing matches.
2224. Flammable Urine,1.5
#Your urine is flammable. Do with that what you will.
2225. Flatwoods Monster Physiology,4.1
#You are or can transform into the Flatwoods Monster, a seven-foot-tall cryptid with a glowing diamond-shaped face, a dark pleated exoskeleton, and inhumanly fast clawed arms. Your very presence inspires dread, and witnesses often report symptoms of radiation sickness.
2226. Flawless Indestructibility,9.7
#You are absolutely indestructible, with no physical, spiritual, or mental weaknesses whatsoever. True Oblivion, Total End, space-time alteration - none of it will affect you, and you will always remain in perfect condition. This is the indestructibility aspect of omnipotence, and nothing short of an actual omnipotent being can even make you flinch.
2227. Flesh Empowerment,3.5
#You grow stronger, faster and tougher the more flesh you come into contact with, whether your own, another's, or a pile of it. In large quantities you can draw sustenance from it and even slow your aging, making slaughterhouses and battlefields your favorite places.
2228. Flesh Mimicry,2.8
#Your body is made of flesh, or you can turn it into a homogeneous flesh form. In homogenous form you lack vital organs and can take a beating that would kill a normal body, but you are still vulnerable to anything normal flesh would be.
2229. Fleshless Movement,3.0
#You can move and fight normally even without muscles, skin or connective tissue. Reduced to a skeleton, a pile of organs or less, you still walk, run and swing your fists as though your body were whole. Strong forces can still knock you apart though.
2230. Absolute Flexibility,7.4
#Your flexibility is limitless. You can contort your body into any shape imaginable or unimaginable, squeeze through any opening, rotate your limbs in impossible ways, and even snapping your own spine or neck does nothing to hinder you. Bones and joints become suggestions rather than rules.
2231. Enhanced Flexibility,2.3
#Your joints, tendons and muscles let you bend and contort far beyond the normal limits of the human body. You can hold boneless-looking poses without strain and squeeze into tight spaces with ease, though your long bones are still as rigid as anyone else's.
2232. Supernatural Flexibility,3.6
#Your flexibility is glaringly, obviously unnatural even in a world full of superhumans. You can twist and bend your body in ways that should be physically impossible, moving your joints through impossible arcs, though your long bones still refuse to bend.
2233. Peak Flexibility,1.4
#You are as flexible as a human being can possibly be. A professional contortionist with proper training could only dream of your suppleness, but you still need to be careful not to push past the limits of muscle and bone.
2234. Flexible Organs,2.6
#Your internal organs can deform and squish without being crushed or losing function. You can be compressed, folded and twisted in ways that would pulp a normal person and keep right on ticking, up to a point.
2235. Flexible Skeleton,2.7
#Your bones are flexible and bend like rubber, letting you squeeze through tight spaces a jointed body could never fit through. The trade-off is that your bones are more prone to snapping, and careless bending can crush your own organs.
2236. Flinching Immunity,3.6
#You do not flinch. Jump scares, sudden pain, shocking injuries, intimidation, none of it makes you react. You can walk forward through a hail of blows without your rhythm ever breaking, though you can still be knocked back by sufficient force.
2237. Flipper Protrusion,1.7
#You can grow or always possess flippers on your body, typically on your hands or feet. Makes swimming through water dramatically easier, though they make walking on land awkward when extended.
2238. Floating Hair,1.2
#Your hair floats around your head as though underwater or caught in a gentle breeze. Some users can control when this happens, others have to live with it constantly. Purely aesthetic, but it does look dramatic.
2239. Floor and Ceiling Mimicry,3.2
#You are made of or can transform into floors and ceilings, blending seamlessly into any room. In homogenous form you lose your organs but are much harder to damage conventionally, making ambushes from above or below your specialty.
2240. Flotation Device Mimicry,1.1
#You can transform your body into a life preserver or raft, keeping yourself and others buoyant. Useless on dry land and embarrassing at parties, but a lifesaver at sea.
2241. Flour Mimicry,2.3
#Your body is made of flour, allowing you to scatter, reform and slip through tight gaps. Water and wind are your worst enemies, and a strong breeze can leave you as a very sad pile on the floor.
2242. Flower Monster Physiology,4.0
#You can transform into a flower monster, a towering plant beast with petal maws, vine limbs and thorny defenses. Your physical stats are dramatically increased in this form and you gain a host of plant-based abilities, but monster slayers will have your number.
2243. Flower Physiology,3.6
#Your body is either made of or can transform into flowers. In this form you can scatter your petals, regrow from the smallest bud and blend into any garden, but you move slower than in your normal form and may require sunlight, water or fertile soil to recover.
2244. Fluid Power Empowerment,3.5
#You grow stronger, faster and more durable the more fluid power surrounds you. Near engines, circulatory systems, hydraulic presses or even your own heavy breathing, your abilities surge and your body enters peak form.
2245. Flute Mimicry,0.7
#You can transform into a flute. In this form, you make a lovely sound when someone blows into you, but you cannot move on your own.
2246. Fly Physiology,2.5
#You can transform into a fly or swarm of flies, granting you incredible agility, compound vision, flight and the ability to squeeze through the tiniest of cracks. Surprisingly hard to swat once you know what you're doing.
2247. Flying Pig Physiology,3.4
#You can transform into a flying pig, either a plump pink one with angel wings, a bristly boar with feathered wings, or something closer to Khrysaor of Greek myth. You possess the physical strength of a boar and the power of flight, though you won't be winning any aerodynamics awards.
2248. Flying Squirrel Physiology,2.1
#You are or can transform into a flying squirrel, or a human-squirrel hybrid. Allows you to glide significant distances by stretching out the membrane between your limbs, useful for scaling trees and escaping ground-level threats.
2249. Focused Activity,3.2
#You can perform tasks that demand extreme concentration under any circumstance, such as meditating mid-brawl or solving complex equations during a car chase. Nothing short of direct injury can break your focus.
2250. Fog Vision,2.2
#Your eyes can see clearly through fog, mist, smoke, dust and any other vision-impairing clouds. Very dense clouds may still give you trouble, and this does not make the cloud any safer to breathe.
2251. Food Empowerment,3.3
#Eating food makes you stronger, faster and tougher, with the amount consumed determining the duration of the buff. Heavy eaters may unlock deeper affinities and even slow their own aging, though being poisoned is a real concern.
2252. Food Mimicry,4.0
#Your body is made of or can transform into food, including your blood, bones and organs. You can either retain your internal anatomy as an edible copy or become a homogeneous blob of matter. Try not to get eaten.
2253. Foot Mimicry,0.8
#Your body either is or can transform into a giant disembodied foot. Not exactly combat-viable, and functioning in polite society is going to be a challenge.
2254. Footwear Mimicry,0.6
#You can transform into a shoe. Yes, just a shoe. Boots and sandals too, if you prefer.
2255. Forbidden Knowledge,6.2
#You possess knowledge that mortals were never meant to know, whether scientific, magical or eldritch in nature. This knowledge grants you abilities far beyond human comprehension, but the price is steep: your sanity, your life, or worse, and beings that guard such secrets will come for you.
2256. Force Blood,5.1
#Your blood has the properties of a natural or unnatural force, flowing through your veins as both biological sustenance and raw power. This enhances your physical condition considerably and grants you force-based abilities tied to whatever force runs through you.
2257. Force Connection,6.5
#You have a deep physical, psychic and spiritual connection to a natural or unnatural force, giving you intuitive understanding of its every facet. This allows you to tap directly into its power without needing rituals or tools, though severing the connection would leave you hollow.
2258. Force Empowerment,4.0
#You grow stronger, faster and more durable when in contact with natural or unnatural forces, potentially unlocking new abilities and slowing your aging. The strength gained has a ceiling, and you may be limited to specific types of forces.
2259. Force Entity Physiology,6.8
#You are or can transform into a pure force entity, the living embodiment of a particular force or concept. You possess total control over your chosen force and can manipulate every aspect of it, though beings capable of absorbing or negating force energy can threaten you directly.
2260. Force Mimicry,5.4
#Your body is made of or can transform into natural and uncommon forces, fortifying your cells, bones and muscles with whatever force flows through you. In full force form you become homogeneous, harder to harm and empowered by your chosen force, though learning to control the body takes time.
2261. Force-Field Empowerment,3.6
#You grow stronger, faster and tougher when you come into contact with force-fields or are surrounded by them. Some users can even draw sustenance from them, slowing or halting aging, though Force-Field Penetration users can bypass the effect entirely.
2262. Forearm Blade,2.3
#You have or can extend a blade from your forearm, ready for stabbing and slashing at a moment's notice. A reliable concealed weapon, but blades can still be broken if they meet something tougher than they are.
2263. Foreign Chemical Immunity,3.2
#You are immune to the effects of drugs, gases, and other foreign chemicals entering your body. Unfortunately this also means medicine and anesthesia have no effect on you, so bring something to bite down on.
2264. Foreign Chemical Protection,2.3
#You are highly resistant but not immune to drugs, gases, and foreign chemicals. There is a limit to how much your body can take before effects start setting in, but you can weather doses that would drop a normal person.
2265. Foreign Symbiosis,6.1
#You have become the host to a foreign entity that lives inside or on your body, granting you enhanced condition and wrong-context abilities the likes of which this world has never seen. Be warned, the entity may try to take over your mind or body, and a powerful enough symbiote can harm or destroy its host.
2266. Forest Adaptation,3.3
#You are built to survive in forests and woodlands, with honed hunting and scavenging instincts, deep knowledge of local flora and fauna and a natural connection to the woods that lets you blend in and never get lost. You could live your entire life in the forest and never miss civilization.
2267. Form Embodiment,6.3
#Your body is the purest embodiment of form itself, the platonic ideal of physical perfection. Your every movement utilises physical energies to their absolute maximum, granting you incredible physical abilities that far outstrip those of lesser beings bound by imperfect flesh.
2268. Form Retention,5.7
#Your physical form is anchored to itself, no matter what is done to it. Attempts to manipulate, transform or even destroy your body slide off without consequence, your shape remaining exactly as it is in spite of all efforts against it.
2269. Form Transcendence,8.3
#You have transcended the very concept of form, both corporeal and incorporeal. You are like the wind, everywhere and nowhere at once, experienced only as a presence or feeling. You cannot be seen, heard, smelled, tasted or touched, existing entirely outside the idea of a body. Absolute Attacks may still reach you.
2270. Formlessness,6.8
#You possess no permanent form, ever shifting and changing, scattering and reforming at will. You can become anything you wish and shift out of the way of attacks before they can land, your body offering no fixed target for enemies to strike at.
2271. Formula Empowerment,4.1
#You grow stronger, faster and more durable when in contact with formulas, and may even unlock new abilities tied to the formula's nature. Sufficient exposure can sustain you in place of food and drink, or even slow your aging. Prolonged exposure may make the dependence addictive.
2272. Formula Mimicry,5.4
#Your body is made of or can transform into living formulae, flowing scientific scripts that harness supernatural forces. In your formula form you can channel science-based effects directly through your anatomy, though it takes time and practice to truly master your new body.
2273. Formula Power Link,4.5
#Your formulaic nature is linked directly to your other powers, letting the equations fuel, strengthen and refine them. As long as your formulaic core remains stable your abilities operate at peak efficiency. Instability in the formula leads to instability in everything it powers.
2274. Fortress Mimicry,5.8
#Your body is or can transform into a living fortress, with an interior spacious enough to store people, weapons, vehicles and defences that you can deploy at their full size. Your insides are a habitable environment for anyone you shelter there, and advanced mastery turns you into a walking stronghold.
2275. Fossil Mimicry,3.4
#Your body is made of or can transform into fossils, ancient mineralised remains preserved in stone. You gain the durability of fossilised material but are also subject to all the weaknesses thereof, which, unfortunately, includes being breakable.
2276. Fouke Monster Physiology,3.6
#You are or gain the traits of a Fouke Monster, a malevolent breed of sasquatch from the swamps of Boggy Creek. You are massive and imposing, covered in thick fur, with three fingers and toes, sharp fangs and a predatory nature that makes you a terror to livestock and humans alike.
2277. Four Symbols Empowerment,6.8
#Chinese Mythology - You are empowered by the Four Symbols: the Azure Dragon, Vermilion Bird, White Tiger and Black Tortoise. Your physical and supernatural abilities are massively enhanced and you gain minor affinities tied to each beast, drawing sustenance from their celestial energies. Your aging slows to a crawl as long as the Four Symbols exist somewhere in the cosmos to feed you.
2278. Foxfolk Physiology,3.3
#You are a foxfolk, a fox-like humanoid with sharp senses, natural agility, and a cunning edge to your instincts. You possess a tail (or tails), fur, and fox ears, and may have minor affinities for fox magic and illusion depending on your lineage.
2279. Frankensteinian Monster Physiology,4.5
#You are a Frankensteinian monster, a patchwork being sewn from dead flesh and animated by electric impulse. You possess immense physical strength and durability, do not need food or sleep, are resistant to electricity, and cannot truly die as long as your parts can be restitched. However, you may be slow, and your intelligence depends on the state of your borrowed brain.
2280. Fraud Embodiment,6.5
#You are the embodiment of fraud, deceit and trickery itself. You can warp the truth of another's words into a lie the moment they speak it, flawlessly become anyone you wish, and manipulate power structures through perfectly crafted deception. The cost is that you may become physically incapable of speaking a single true word.
2281. Fraud Empowerment,3.8
#You become stronger, faster and more durable fueled by fraud and deceit, whether your own lies or those told around you. The more dishonesty thrives in your vicinity the more powerful you become, drawing sustenance and slowed aging from every con and betrayal you witness or orchestrate.
2282. Free Will Manifestation,5.4
#You possess true free will, the ability to make choices free from fate, prophecy and destiny. You can defy predictions meant for you, break out of scripted roles, and forge your own path even in universes ruled by deterministic forces. Can be overridden by those with direct Free Will Manipulation.
2283. Freedom,8.6
#You are truly free. Laws, rules, fate, predestination, concepts and limits of every kind slide off you like water. At the baseline you simply act beyond societal and physical constraint, but at the upper levels you are liberated from causality itself, able to defy the fundamental logic of reality and move in directions the universe did not leave open.
2284. French Fry Mimicry,1.1
#Your body is entirely made of French fries. You can keep a humanoid form or collapse into a pile of homogeneous fries and reassemble. Your exact properties depend on what kind of fry you are (shoestring, curly, waffle, crinkle), and yes, you are edible.
2285. Friction Adaptation,2.6
#Your body automatically adapts to environments of high, low, or no friction. You can walk on ice without slipping, swim through thick sludge without drag, and shrug off the heat and wear that friction would normally inflict on you.
2286. Friction Immunity,3.9
#You are immune to all effects of friction, including air resistance, fluid drag, and the heat and static that friction generates. Does not protect against the same forces from unrelated sources, a flamethrower still burns.
2287. Friction Independence,3.5
#You can walk, move and grip things normally even in an environment with zero friction, as though the rules simply do not apply to you. In a frictionless vacuum where others would drift helplessly, you move as if on solid ground.
2288. Frictionless Maneuverability,3.2
#Your body moves as though friction barely applies to it, granting you inhuman maneuverability, turning on a dime, sliding through impossibly narrow gaps, and pivoting on one foot as if you weighed nothing.
2289. Frictionless Skin,3.4
#Your skin is perfectly frictionless, making you impossible to grab, hold, or pin down. Physical projectiles tend to glance off rather than strike true, and grapplers find themselves sliding helplessly off you. Non-physical attacks ignore this entirely.
2290. Friendship Empowerment,5.7
#You draw strength, speed and durability from your friendships with others, your existing powers amplified by every real bond you share. True close friendships may even slow your aging or unlock entirely new abilities tied to the affinity.
2291. Frill Protrusion,1.4
#You have or can generate decorative frills on your head or body, usable for display, intimidation, or whatever other purpose your biology allows. Mostly aesthetic.
2292. Frozen Time Activity,5.8
#You can move, attack, and act freely during frozen time, whether the time stop is your own or cast by someone else. You can even step on frozen air or water as solid ground, and forces like friction, gravity and momentum behave however best benefits you during the pause.
2293. Frozen Yogurt Mimicry,2.0
#Your body is made of or can transform into frozen yogurt, either anatomically faithful or as a homogeneous sweet mass. Vulnerable to fire and heat, and depending on the flavor you may find yourself unusually attractive to children.
2294. Fruit & Vegetable Empowerment,2.9
#You become stronger, faster and more durable whenever you come into contact with or consume fruits and vegetables, possibly unlocking further produce-related powers. May be limited to certain types, with others even weakening you.
2295. Fruit and Vegetable Mimicry,2.2
#Your body is made of fruits and vegetables, or can shift into them at will. Unfortunately you don't last very long, prone to rot, bruising, and the occasional hungry bystander.
2296. Fudakaeshi Physiology,3.3
#You are a Fudakaeshi, a malevolent yokai that exists to get protective Fuda charms removed from buildings. You cannot remove them yourself, so you must seduce, trick, or intimidate humans into doing it for you. Vulnerable to Shinto rituals and priests.
2297. Fukuro Mujina Physiology,3.0
#You are a Fukuro Mujina, a tsukumogami that appears to be a bag-carrying female badger yokai but is in truth a haunted bag taking that shape. You love puns, tricks, and pranks, but destroying your original bag destroys or gravely weakens you.
2298. Full Health Compensation,3.6
#As long as you are at full health, you become stronger, faster, tougher, and sharper across the board. The moment you take even a scratch, the boost fades entirely, so maintaining untouched condition is paramount.
2299. Funayurei Physiology,3.7
#You are a Funayurei, a malevolent ghost of the sea that sails spectral ships and drowns sailors to add them to an ever-growing spectral crew. You wield buckets to fill boats with seawater and can merge with others of your kind into a massive gestalt form. Vulnerable to Shinto rituals.
2300. Fundamental Forces Embodiment,8.4
#You are the fundamental forces of the universe made flesh - strong force, weak force, electromagnetism, and gravity all personified in you. You wield limitless control over them, the laws of physics bending around your every whim.
2301. Fundamental Forces Empowerment,4.6
#You grow stronger, faster, and tougher when in contact with fundamental forces. Standing in a magnetic field, near a strong gravity source, or in a nuclear environment can sustain you, unlock new abilities, and even slow your aging.
2302. Fundamental Forces Mimicry,6.3
#Your body is made of or can transform into the four fundamental forces, either remaining anatomically the same or becoming a homogeneous being of pure interactive force. In your nigh-form, the forces flow through your cells and fortify every inch of you.
2303. Fundamental Power Link,5.5
#Your powers are linked to the fundamental forces themselves, drawing from the unified field to fuel and strengthen them. This link amplifies everything you can do, but if the underlying force becomes unstable, so do you.
2304. Fungal Immunity,1.4
#You are completely immune to fungal infections of every kind, from athlete's foot to cordyceps to supernatural spore plagues. Does not protect against absorption-based or immunity-bypassing abilities.
2305. Fungal Physiology Superior,5.2
#Your body is composed of a superior strain of fungus, far beyond mundane mushrooms. You possess enhanced regeneration through mycelial growth, potent spores and resilience to most weaknesses of ordinary fungi, though you remain vulnerable to Fungus Manipulation.
2306. Fungal Physiology Transcendent,8.1
#You are a divine fungus that has ascended to true godhood, a mushroom deity whose mycelium stretches across the heavenly realms. Your spores can seed entire worlds and your decomposition can unmake gods. Vulnerable to Divine Slayer and Omnislayer weaponry.
2307. Fungal Physiology,3.9
#Your body is made of fungal matter, able to transform fully or partially into mushrooms and mold. You can produce poisons, hallucinogens and useful drugs from your own flesh, though you may be slowed and gain all the weaknesses of fungi.
2308. Fungal Symbiosis,4.5
#You host a living fungal symbiote within your body that grants you spore infestation, decomposition, shapeshifting and a more robust physique. The symbiote has its own will and may attempt to take over if mistreated or starved.
2309. Furaribi Physiology,4.5
#You are a furaribi, a bird-like yokai wrapped in flame that drifts aimlessly through the night. Your body bears the form of a bird with a face between a dog and the god Garuda, and you are kin to the hi-no-tama, the wandering soul-fires of the unquiet dead.
2310. Furniture Mimicry,2.4
#You can transform yourself into furniture of any shape, size or material, disguising yourself as an armchair, a bookcase or a four-poster bed. Unparalleled for ambushes, awkward social situations and hiding from authority figures.
2311. Furutsubaki no Rei Physiology,4.3
#You are a furutsubaki no rei, the spirit of an aged camellia tree that has separated from its host and gained the power to bewitch and trick humans. Your fate is bound to the original tree, and if it dies, so do you.
2312. Futakuchi-Onna Physiology,3.2
#You are a futakuchi-onna, a yokai woman with a hidden second mouth on the back of your head beneath prehensile hair. The mouth and hair can act with minds of their own, and the second mouth is ravenously hungry at all times, demanding to be fed.
2313. Future Embodiment,7.6
#You are the living embodiment of the future itself. You possess knowledge of every timeline yet to come, can peer into what will happen before anyone else, and can manipulate the course of the future without causing universal consequences.
2314. Fylgja Physiology,3.6
#You are a fylgja, a Norse spirit companion tied to a human's fate. You can take the form of an animal bound to someone's destiny, from noble birds of prey to carrion eaters, and your presence signals fortune or doom to those who can perceive you.
2315. G-Force Adaptation,2.8
#You are completely immune to the stresses and strains caused by g-force. You can accelerate, decelerate, or be flung around at speeds that would flatten a fighter pilot into pudding without so much as a nosebleed, making you an ideal passenger for anything that moves fast.
2316. Gag Embodiment,5.2
#You are the living embodiment of comedy, parody, and gags. You can transform into whatever joke or comedic relief fits the moment, and may even assume forms that grant you the powers of the characters you are currently parodying. Real World Enforcement and Gag Immunity are your greatest enemies.
2317. Gag Immunity,3.9
#You are utterly immune to gags, jokes, and comedic effects both direct and indirect. Slapstick physics bounces off you, cartoon anvils fall sideways, and joke-based powers simply fail to land, though you may also be incapable of finding anything funny.
2318. Galaxy Mimicry,7.8
#Your body is, or can become, a living galaxy. You retain sentience and can manipulate the cosmological matter and energy within yourself, and the lifeforms that inhabit you act as your immune system. Vulnerable to those who can destroy or manipulate galaxies outright.
2319. Galliform Physiology,2.2
#You are or can transform into a galliform bird, including turkeys, chickens, roosters, quail, pheasants, partridges and junglefowl. Hope you like scratching around in the dirt.
2320. Game Controller Mimicry,2.0
#You are or can transform your body into a game controller, or many game controllers. Your controller form retains your organs and sentience but is somewhat vulnerable to being dropped, stepped on, or chewed by dogs.
2321. Game Luck,3.6
#You are extraordinarily lucky in games. Dice roll your way, cards fall into your hand, loot drops land at your feet, and RNG bends toward you in any game you engage with. Doesn't make up for lack of skill, but it certainly helps.
2322. Gamma Capacitor,3.8
#Your body acts as a living battery for gamma radiation, absorbing and storing it indefinitely. You can channel the stored energy for any purpose you can formulate, from powering devices to unleashing it in raw bursts. The more you store the more you have to work with.
2323. Gamma Empowerment,3.5
#Your body grows stronger, faster and tougher in the presence of gamma radiation. In heavily irradiated areas you unlock enhanced abilities, can draw sustenance from the rays alone, and may even slow your aging to a crawl.
2324. Gamma Immunity,3.2
#You are immune to gamma radiation and all of its effects, from cellular damage to radiation sickness to burns. You could walk through the heart of Chernobyl without a second thought, though the blast of a nuke might still physically injure you.
2325. Gamma Mimicry,5.4
#Your body is made of or can transform into pure gamma radiation, letting you shift between solid physical form and formless irradiated energy. In your homogeneous form you are nearly untouchable by conventional means, but early on your control is dangerous and takes time to master.
2326. Gancanagh Physiology,4.3
#Irish Mythology - You are or can transform into a gancanagh, a male love-talker fairy whose skin carries an addictive toxin. Those you seduce become literally addicted to your touch, pining away in withdrawal or fighting to the death for your affection. You carry the charm of the fair folk but dislike smoke intensely.
2327. Gandharva Physiology,5.2
#Hindu Mythology - You are or can transform into a Gandharva, a male nature spirit and husband of the Apsaras. You possess supernatural musical skill capable of moving gods, partial animal traits of bird or horse, and you serve as a messenger between the divine and mortal realms. You are bound under the command of higher Hindu gods and cannot teach mortals the crafting of Soma.
2328. Garbage Empowerment,2.4
#You grow stronger, faster and more durable when near or using garbage, unlocking abilities tied to filth and refuse. In a landfill you approach superhuman levels, but in a pristine environment you are no better than an average human.
2329. Garbage Mimicry,2.8
#Your body is made of or can transform into garbage, letting you shift into a heap of refuse or a homogenous mass of trash. Useful for hiding in plain sight in alleyways or slumping into a dumpster to escape pursuit, though some users struggle to return to their original form.
2330. Garden Gnome Mimicry,1.7
#Your body is made of or can transform into a garden gnome. In your ceramic form you blend perfectly into any yard or flower bed and can wait motionlessly for days, but you are also quite fragile and vulnerable to both Object Manipulation and Gnome Manipulation users.
2331. Gargarean Physiology,3.8
#Greek Mythology - You are or can transform into a Gargarean, one of the all-male warriors of ancient legend. You possess the martial prowess, physical conditioning and battle-hardened resolve of a society bred purely for war.
2332. Gargoyle Physiology,4.6
#You are or can transform into a gargoyle, a winged humanoid with horns, fangs, claws and often a serpentine tail. You can turn yourself to living stone voluntarily or perch atop high terrain for days on end, warding off evil spirits by your very presence. Some gargoyles are petrified during the day and can only move at night.
2333. Garlic Mimicry,1.5
#Your body is made of or can transform into garlic, either retaining your anatomical form as a pungent bulb-person or dissolving into homogenous garlic matter. Excellent for warding off vampires, less useful for most other situations.
2334. Garuda Physiology,7.4
#Hindu Mythology - You are or can transform into a Garuda, the monstrously powerful demigod and companion of Vishnu whose sheer might eclipses Indra and his entire army. You possess a golden human body, an eagle's beak and wings large enough to block out the sun. You can change size at will, appear and disappear, and you carry an eternal antagonism toward the naga.
2335. Gas Defiance,3.6
#You ignore the physical resistance of gases like air, allowing you to move at supersonic speeds without generating friction heat or being battered by wind pressure. Does not extend to gravity or other forces.
2336. Gas Mimicry,4.6
#Your body is made of or can transform into gas at will. You retain your anatomy in gaseous form and remain somewhat vulnerable to attacks, and strong winds can blow you around. Being the least stable state of matter, prolonged use is exhausting.
2337. Gas Pump Mimicry,1.1
#You are or can transform into a gasoline pump. You may not be able to move from the spot and your inorganic body cannot heal, but at least drivers will appreciate you.
2338. Gaseous Current Defiance,2.2
#You ignore wind, turbulence and gas currents when moving, allowing you to walk through gales and fly through storms without being thrown around. Does not help against any other forces, and extremely thick winds can still slow you.
2339. Gaseous Movement,2.6
#You can move through any gas without resistance, walking through thick atmospheres or thin vacuums of other planets as easily as you walk on land. Does not grant immunity to the gas itself, so bring a helmet if it's poisonous.
2340. Gastropoda Physiology,2.1
#You are or can transform into a gastropod such as a slug, snail, limpet or nudibranch. Very likely slows you to a crawl and salt is a serious vulnerability, but at least you carry your home with you.
2341. Gearmite Mimicry,5.4
#Your body is composed of semi-sentient macro-robots that can restructure themselves into fabrications, breaking down raw materials to build tools, armor, or larger reinforced forms. Vulnerable to lightning, corrosion and magnetism.
2342. Gecko Physiology,2.1
#You are or can transform into a gecko, partially or fully. Grants wall-climbing, a detachable tail, and incredible grip, but you're still small and squishy.
2343. Gelatin Mimicry,2.9
#Your body is made entirely of gelatin, retaining the shape of your original form but with all the jiggly properties of the substance. You're somewhat vulnerable to ice, fire, and being eaten by hungry opponents.
2344. Gelatinous Body,3.6
#Your body has the properties of a gelatinous substance that you can reshape, stretch and compress at will. You are highly resistant to physical impacts as blows simply sink into your flesh, though unlike amorphous physiology you still retain a distinct form.
2345. Gemstone Mimicry,4.3
#Your body is composed of gemstone, retaining your original anatomy but crystallized. You are incredibly durable but the gem may shatter under heavy impact, and if knocked unconscious you may revert automatically.
2346. Gemstone Tears,2.3
#Your tears crystallize into gemstones and other valuable materials as they fall. The quality depends on the intensity of your emotion and the rarer gems only fall during genuine grief.
2347. Gender Anchoring,3.0
#You are immune to any alteration or change of your gender, regardless of the source. No spell, curse or cosmic force can shift what you are.
2348. Gender Force Empowerment,3.9
#You grow stronger, faster and more durable when exposed to gender forces matching your own, unlocking related abilities and amplifying existing ones. Extended exposure may even slow your aging.
2349. Gender Transcendence,5.0
#You transcend the concept of gender and sex entirely, having no definition or characteristics that bind you to any category. You can appear as any sexual being without inheriting their vulnerabilities, though you may be unable to reproduce sexually.
2350. Genelessness,6.2
#You possess no DNA or genetic information whatsoever, making you entirely immune to cellular, genetic and gene-based manipulations. Nothing can confirm or deny your existence through biological means, though Identity Manipulation and Omniscience can still find you.
2351. Generational Empowerment,5.4
#You grow stronger, faster and more durable with each passing generation of your lineage or chosen affinity, inheriting the accumulated power of those who came before. Your abilities compound over time and you may draw sustenance from the inheritance itself, possibly slowing your aging.
2352. Genesis Blood,4.6
#Your blood has the innate property of creating living creatures whenever it is shed. The stronger and purer your blood, the more impressive the creation, and you may sometimes birth things unintentionally from a simple nosebleed or paper cut.
2353. Genesis Tears,4.2
#Your tears are capable of creating life when they fall. Each tear can birth a creature, though you may have little control over what emerges, and it takes a long time before your tears regain their life-giving potency after a good cry.
2354. Genetic Consciousness,6.3
#Your mind, soul, and consciousness exist within every strand of your DNA rather than in your brain, rendering you immune to death by physical means as long as a single strand survives. You retain your full memories and personality through any regeneration, but you are still vulnerable to mental and conceptual attacks, and if you lack regeneration you may be stuck as a single strand of DNA.
2355. Superior Genie Physiology,6.7
#You are, or can transform into, a superior genie - the most powerful form of djinn. You possess greater skill and strength than lesser genies, along with resistance or complete immunity to many of their common weaknesses. Even if killed, you are strong enough to be reborn after a set period of time, and depending on your nature you may access demonic or holy abilities as well.
2356. Transcendent Genie Physiology,8.3
#You are, or can transform into, an all-powerful genie with unimaginable magical power. Your abilities dwarf those of lesser djinn and let you break the laws of both magic and nature, warping reality as you see fit. Your power may be bound to a lamp or phylactery with rules concerning its possessor, and you are vulnerable to divine slayers and omnislayers.
2357. Genie Physiology,5.6
#You possess the traits and abilities of genies, supernatural creatures of smokeless flame that occupy a world parallel to mankind. You may be a free-willed demon, a lesser angel, or something in between, with the classic array of wish-granting, shapeshifting, and mystical powers. Your body may be bound to a receptacle, and whoever holds it may have command over you.
2358. Genius Loci Physiology,6.2
#You are or can transform into a genius loci, the spirit of a place, whether that be a tower, a house, a hotel, a whole city, or at your most powerful, an entire planet. Your strength scales with the size and significance of the location you are tied to, and within your domain you are essentially a god. Your tether can be broken by Purification, Blessing or Curse Removal and Absolute Erasure.
2359. Genius Physiology,4.9
#You are or can transform into a genius, a spiritual being that follows a target from birth to death, encouraging them towards virtue or sin and recording their deeds. You are typically invisible and immaterial but can take physical form at will, and may dwell within your charge like a shoulder angel or devil. You may have to answer to a higher power.
2360. Genre Embodiment,6.6
#You embody a specific genre of art or literature, whether that be horror, romance, action, tragedy, or something more niche. You gain powers associated with your genre, and the narrative itself bends around you to reinforce its tropes - a horror embodiment makes the world grow darker and more dreadful, while an action embodiment turns every conflict into a high-octane setpiece.
2361. Geokinetic Immunity,3.3
#You are completely immune to earth and earthen effects. Landslides, stone projectiles, crushing boulders and being buried alive simply do not affect you. You walk through collapsing caves and quicksand as if nothing were happening.
2362. Geometric Physiology,6.4
#You are made of pure geometry, able to transform your body into any geometric shape from simple 2D triangles and squares to 3D polyhedrons, tesseracts and higher-dimensional forms. Your scale of power depends on how many dimensions you can manifest, with higher-dimensional forms capable of interacting with reality in ways ordinary beings cannot perceive.
2363. German Physiology,3.3
#Slavic Mythology - You are or can transform into a German, a male rain spirit. You have influence over rain and hail, able to bless fields with nourishing showers or curse lands with drought and downpour. Only males can take this form, and you may feel a persistent wanderlust and pull toward solitude.
2364. Gerridae Physiology,2.1
#Allows you to transform into a water strider or gain their traits. You can glide across the surface of water without sinking thanks to hydrophobic hairs on your legs, moving across ponds and lakes as if they were solid ground. Still vulnerable to pesticides and predators.
2365. Gestalt Mind,4.3
#Your mind is composed of multiple other minds woven together, either whole or in fragments, into a single functioning consciousness. You benefit from the combined knowledge, perspectives and intuitions of all components, making you incredibly adaptable and mentally resilient. However, you may inherit disorders or imbalances from your component minds, and internal conflicts are a real risk.
2366. Gestalt Soul,4.8
#Your soul is a patchwork composition of two or more other souls merged into a single essence. This grants you unusual spiritual resilience and a complex, layered existence that resists simple soul-based effects, but you are vulnerable to fission inducement and may unfuse upon death. Soul manipulation powers can target each constituent piece separately.
2367. Ghost Dog Physiology,3.4
#You are or can transform into a ghost dog, a spectral hound with all the instincts of a canine and the powers of a ghost. You can phase through walls, turn invisible, and haunt whoever wronged you in life. The longer you linger in the mortal realm, the more vengeful you may become.
2368. Ghost Monster Physiology,4.3
#You are or can transform into a ghost monster, a twisted beast fused with spectral power. You combine monstrous physical strength with ghost abilities such as intangibility, possession, and supernatural dread. Certain anti-spirit attacks can deal heavy damage against you.
2369. Ghost Physiology Superior,5.6
#You are a superior ghost, far stronger than a common apparition and armed with superpowers born from the circumstances of your death. Someone who perished in a blizzard might gain ice powers, someone who burned might wield fire. You are harder to banish, more intelligent, and your power may rival or exceed a ghost lord's. The longer you stay in the mortal realm, the more vengeful you become.
2370. Ghost Physiology Transcendent,8.1
#You are a transcendent ghost, a godly spectral being of terrifying power. Your paranormal abilities dwarf those of common ghosts, and you can command lesser spirits, reshape the boundary between the living and the dead, or outright destroy those concepts. You may be vulnerable to divine nullification and omnislaying weapons, but to all else you are a nightmare made manifest.
2371. Ghost Physiology,3.8
#You are or can transform into a ghost, a spirit of the dead bound to the mortal world until your unfinished business is resolved. You can fly, phase through solid matter, turn invisible, and possess the living. You cannot truly die since you are already dead, but resurrection may strip your powers and lingering too long can twist you into something vengeful.
2372. Ghost Shark Physiology,3.6
#You are or can transform into a ghost shark, a spectral predator of the deep. You combine the hunting instincts and lethal bite of a shark with ghostly intangibility, allowing you to swim through walls, ships, and even dry land as if it were open ocean.
2373. Giant Alien Physiology,5.3
#You are or can transform into a giant alien, an extraterrestrial lifeform of massive proportions. Given the near-infinite variety of possible extraterrestrials, your form can range from a towering humanoid to a kaiju-scale abomination with biology unlike anything on Earth. Your size makes you slow and an easy target, but makes up for it with raw overwhelming might.
2374. Giant Animal Physiology,3.9
#Allows you to transform into giant versions of animals, towering over their ordinary counterparts with proportionally greater strength and presence. Whether a dire wolf the size of a horse or an elephant the size of a house, your size makes you impossible to overlook or easily hide.
2375. Giant Ape Physiology,4.2
#Allows you to transform into a giant ape, partially or fully. In this form your strength, durability and raw mass are comparable to a King Kong-esque beast, able to toss cars and shrug off small arms fire.
2376. Giant Bird Physiology,4.0
#You are or can transform into a giant bird, think roc or thunderbird scale. You possess immense wingspan, talons capable of snatching livestock and humans, and the physical power to match your size.
2377. Giant Cat Physiology,4.0
#Allows you to transform into a giant feline, ranging from a saber-toothed size to full kaiju tigers. Your speed, agility and predatory instincts scale with your size, making you an apex predator in any form.
2378. Giant Divinity,7.8
#You wield the dark divine power of the titans and primordial giants, a form of raw divinity that places you among beings of myth. Your strength, authority and presence rival that of gods, and you can command lesser giants with ease. Only divinity nullification or dedicated giant slayers can truly threaten you.
2379. Giant Dragon Physiology,6.6
#Allows you to take the form of a gigantic, kaiju-scale dragon. Unlike a regular dragon your size is measured in city blocks, and your strength, breath weapon and durability scale accordingly. Your sheer size makes stealth impossible and you will be noticed from miles away.
2380. Giant Monster Physiology,6.0
#You are or can transform into a gigantic monster, a kaiju whose very appearance is an aberration of nature. Your immense endurance, strength and unique monstrous abilities make you a walking disaster, though most kaiju are not particularly bright and transformation may erode your sentience.
2381. Giant Physiology Superior,6.3
#You possess the traits of a superior giant, the kings, queens and chiefs of giant society. Your strength and presence command lesser giants naturally, and you rule through raw might. You still rank below true deities and can be clumsy enough to knock down buildings without meaning to.
2382. Giant Physiology Transcendent,7.9
#You are a giant of truly godlike scale, embodying aspects of nature or the cosmos and standing in opposition to order itself. Figures like Utgard-Loki or Ymir are your kin, and your power dwarfs that of mere giants. You can still be slain through divine means, and your size makes cities into hazards.
2383. Giant Physiology,4.3
#Allows you to transform into or are a classic giant, a humanoid of prodigious size, strength and endurance. You lack inherent supernatural abilities but your raw physicality is enormous. You must also eat a correspondingly enormous amount to sustain yourself.
2384. Giant Shark Physiology,4.5
#You are or can transform into a giant shark, think megalodon scale. Your bite force, speed in the water and predatory senses are unmatched in the ocean, and you can swallow boats whole.
2385. Giant Snake Physiology,4.2
#Allows you to become or transform into a giant snake, ranging from anaconda-scale to full mythological world-serpent territory. Your constriction strength and venom potency scale accordingly.
2386. Giant Spider Physiology,4.4
#You are or can transform into a giant spider, a Shelob-class arachnid with corresponding venom, silk and predatory instincts. Your webs can stop trucks and your bite carries paralytic agents strong enough to drop large mammals.
2387. Giant Squid Physiology,4.1
#Allows you to become or transform into a giant squid or octopus, a leviathan of the deep. Your tentacles can crush ship hulls, your suckers leave scars on sperm whales, and you're fully at home at crushing depths.
2388. Giant Werebeast Physiology,6.1
#You can transform into a giant, kaiju-scale werebeast, a werekaiju drawing on superhuman life-force to fuel your monstrous form. Your strength, speed and sheer size make you a near unstoppable hybrid of werebeast and titan-class monster.
2389. Gigantes Physiology,6.9
#Greek Mythology - You are or can transform into a Gigantes, a semi-divine giant monster born from Gaia for the express purpose of destroying the Olympian gods. Your divine physical might is immense, but you can still be slain by the fire or electricity of the gods themselves.
2390. Gigantopithecus Physiology,3.6
#You are or can transform into a Gigantopithecus, the extinct giant ape of southeast Asia. You possess immense size, monstrous physical strength, and thick fur, with the raw power to tear apart most predators with your bare hands.
2391. Gigelorum Physiology,0.4
#Celtic Mythology - You are or can transform into a Gigelorum, the impossibly tiny insect of Scottish folklore said to live happily in the ear of a mite. Completely harmless and practically invisible without a microscope, you could maybe threaten a bacterium on a good day.
2392. Giraffe Physiology,2.4
#You are or can transform into a giraffid, fully or partially. As a giraffe, you possess an incredibly long neck, powerful legs with kicks strong enough to kill lions, and surprising speed for your size.
2393. Glaistig Physiology,4.3
#Celtic Mythology - You are or can transform into a Glaistig, the half-woman half-goat fairy of the Scottish Highlands. You possess supernatural beauty, shapeshifting between maiden, hag, and goat-hybrid forms, along with fairy magic, enhanced agility, and an unsettling allure that can lure mortals to lonely lochs.
2394. Glashtyn Physiology,4.2
#European Folklore - You are or can transform into a Glashtyn, the shapeshifting water-goblin of Manx folklore, taking horse, human, or hybrid form at will. You possess supernatural strength, aquatic affinity, and fairy magic, though cold iron, prayers, and the cry of a rooster will undo you.
2395. Glitch Physiology,6.2
#You are a living glitch, a paradoxical digital lifeform that was never meant to exist in the world you inhabit. Your existence breaks the rules the universe operates on, letting you clip through walls, duplicate yourself, skip entire events, and perform feats nobody else can, though stabilization effects threaten to erase you.
2396. Globster Physiology,1.4
#You are or can transform into a globster, one of those mysterious blob-like sea carcasses that wash up on beaches. You have no visible eyes, no defined head, and no apparent bone structure, and honestly most people who find you will assume you're a hoax or a dead whale.
2397. Glove Mimicry,1.6
#Your body is made of gloves or can transform into them at will. You retain your organs and shape but are somewhat vulnerable to fire and tearing. Strange but oddly flexible.
2398. Gluttony Empowerment,3.6
#The more you indulge, consume and gorge yourself, the stronger, faster and tougher you become. Witnessing or causing gluttony in others also feeds your power, and you may draw sustenance and longevity from the excess.
2399. Gnome Physiology,3.4
#You are or can transform into a gnome, a diminutive earth spirit of Renaissance alchemy. You can glide through earth and stone like water, dwell underground without issue, and have an innate connection to the elements of the earth.
2400. Goat Physiology,2.4
#You either are or can transform into a goat or ibex, either fully or partially. You gain incredible climbing ability, a tough headbutt, powerful legs for jumping across sheer cliffs, and the infamous goat stomach that can digest just about anything.
2401. Goblin Physiology Superior,4.8
#You are a superior goblin, far beyond the common trow in strength, toughness and cunning. Your physical abilities rival those of much larger monsters and you possess unique skills few other goblins can boast. The rapid growth of your power may drive you to arrogance or madness if unchecked.
2402. Goblin Physiology,2.6
#You are or can transform into a goblin, a small, ugly, mischievous creature of folklore. You are weak and fragile compared to most monsters, but clever, cunning and a natural trap-maker. Best used in groups.
2403. Gold Empowerment,3.3
#You become stronger, faster and more durable when near or in contact with gold, and may draw sustenance or extended life from it. The more gold you hoard the more powerful you become, but beware - the greed for both gold and power can become all consuming.
2404. Gold Mimicry,4.2
#Your body is made of or can transform into gold. You gain the metal's malleability, ductility, resistance to corrosion and conductivity of electricity. Beautiful and hard to damage by conventional means, but you reflect light brightly, weigh a ton and can dissolve in mercury.
2405. Gold-Digging Ant Physiology,3.1
#You are or can transform into a Gold-Digging Ant of medieval bestiaries, a fox-sized furry insect that tunnels through the earth and unearths gold as it digs. You gain powerful burrowing ability, an innate sense for precious metals, and the surprising docility of the creature. Still mortal and vulnerable to anything that would kill a regular giant ant.
2406. Golden Luck,5.7
#You are a blessed recipient of passive, fate-based fortune in regard to wealth. Reality subtly twists around you so money is never an issue - a winning lottery ticket blows into your hand, a stranger leaves you their estate, investments somehow always pay off. Not an active skill, but an unending tide of monetary luck that follows wherever you go.
2407. Golem Physiology,4.7
#You are or can transform into a golem, an animated construct of clay, stone, metal, or other materials of your choosing. You have no need to eat, sleep or breathe, and your body does not tire. However, you cannot heal naturally and must be repaired with the substance of your body, and you may struggle in environments hostile to your material.
2408. Goo Trail,0.6
#Wherever you walk, you leave behind a trail of gooey, slimy residue. Great for ruining carpets, mildly inconvenient for stealth.
2409. Good Empowerment,3.3
#You grow stronger, faster, and more durable in the presence of goodness, benevolence, and righteous intent. A hero's sanctuary is your playground, but a cruel battlefield or nihilistic void may leave you powerless.
2410. Good Immunity,3.8
#You are utterly immune to anything classified as good. Healing miracles, holy blessings, heroic influence and benevolent magics all slide off you harmlessly. Cannot be used by genuinely good beings, and neutral phenomena still affect you normally.
2411. Good Improvement,4.3
#Every benevolent act you commit gradually refines your body, mind and soul into something purer and brighter. Left unchecked, you may eventually ascend into an angel or similar positive-aligned being, gaining supernatural abilities along the way. Corruption-based powers can reverse the process.
2412. Gorgon Physiology,5.2
#Greek Mythology - You are or can transform into a Gorgon, the dreaded serpentine terror of myth. Your hair is a nest of living venomous snakes, your gaze can petrify those who meet it, and your scaly skin is nigh impenetrable to ordinary weapons. Your full power awakens only when you shed your skin, and you may not be immune to your own petrifying stare.
2413. Gorilla Monster Physiology,4.8
#You are or can transform into a monstrous gorilla, a hulking brute well beyond the size and strength of any natural ape. Your power is raw, terrifying, and immediately recognized as inhuman. Monster Slayers may have an edge over you.
2414. Gorilla Physiology Superior,4.3
#You are or can become a gorilla pushed well beyond what nature allows, with strength, durability and primal ferocity that make ordinary silverbacks look like housecats.
2415. Gorilla Physiology,3.0
#You are or can transform into a gorilla, gaining the immense strength, durability and agility of the great ape. Your dense musculature makes you a powerhouse in close combat but a terrible swimmer.
2416. Goryo Physiology,5.7
#You are or can become a Goryo, the vengeful spirit of a noble or battle master who died in agony. You cannot be killed by conventional means and bring ruin to your enemies through curses, plagues, fires, storms and disasters. Only specific rituals and prayers, especially those of a Shinto priest or shrine maiden, can pacify or harm you.
2417. Grape Mimicry,2.4
#You are made of grapes, or can transform your body into one or many grapes of your preferred variety. Your grape form may be anatomically intact or a homogeneous cluster, and is vulnerable to being crushed, squeezed, or, unfortunately, eaten.
2418. Grapefruit Mimicry,1.4
#Your body is made of grapefruit or can transform into one partially or fully. You can reshape yourself into homogeneous citrus matter to avoid vital hits, but you are very much edible and a knife still works on fruit.
2419. Grass Physiology,2.4
#Your body is made of grass or can transform into it partially or fully. You can go homogeneous to avoid fatal blows, but limbs can still be torn off like pulling up turf, and you need earth or water nearby to stay healthy.
2420. Gravitation Adaptation,2.8
#Your body instinctively adapts to any gravitational environment, from crushing high-g to complete weightlessness, with no adverse effects on your movement, reflexes or physiology. Does not protect you from the tidal forces of a black hole though.
2421. Gravitational Maneuverability,3.3
#Your body moves as if gravity simply does not apply to it, performing feats of acrobatics that would be impossible under any normal g-force. Works just as well against anti-gravity, though your reflexes still have to keep up with what your body can now do.
2423. Gravity Embodiment,9.0
#You embody and personify gravity itself. You possess absolute, limitless knowledge and control over gravity in all its forms, and in some cases you are the very source from which all gravity in existence derives. To resist your pull is to resist being itself.
2424. Gravity Empowerment,3.4
#You become stronger, faster and more durable when in contact with gravity or gravitational energy, potentially unlocking further gravity-related abilities. You may even draw sustenance from heavy gravity fields, slowing your aging.
2425. Gravity Immunity,3.0
#Your body is immune to gravitational stresses and strains. You can move normally in both crushing high gravity and weightless low gravity, though you cannot superhumanly leverage the change to jump higher or move faster.
2426. Gravity Independence,3.6
#You can operate and function normally regardless of whether there is any gravity at all. In a zero-gravity environment where others would drift helplessly or even disintegrate into subatomic particles, you walk, move and live as if the ground beneath you were solid.
2427. Gravity Mimicry,5.6
#Your body is composed of or can transform into pure gravitational force. In your fully formed state you are a homogeneous being of gravity, while in hybrid forms the gravity flows through your cells, bones and muscles, fortifying your body to inhuman levels.
2428. Gravity Soul,5.3
#Your soul is made out of gravity itself. You can manifest it outside your body to act independently, or channel its gravitational effects into concussive blasts and crushing waves. A soul of pure weight is both a weapon and a tether.
2429. Gravity Symbiosis,5.1
#You are symbiotically linked to a gravitational entity, granting you potent gravity-based abilities through the bond. As with all symbiosis, there is a price, and the entity within you may one day try to take the wheel.
2430. Greater Damage Effectiveness,3.2
#You inflict greater damage against certain types of creatures or entities, be it based on their element, physiology, personality or environment. A specialist's edge. Useless against anything outside of your chosen type.
2431. Greater Divinity,9.3
#You possess greater divinity and nearly all divine powers, granting you immense amounts of power far beyond the mundane. You are an advanced divine being by nature, standing above other gods and very close to omnipotence within your respective universe and beyond.
2432. Greater Immunity,8.6
#You are completely immune to anything stronger than you, whether directly or indirectly. A god hurling a star at you does nothing, but a regular human with a kitchen knife is still a very real threat. Scales with your own power, the stronger you become the more things become beneath your notice.
2433. Greed Empowerment,3.3
#You grow stronger, faster, and tougher from greed, both your own and that of others around you. The more avaricious the setting, the more powerful you become. You may even draw sustenance from pure greed, forgoing food and sleep when the hunger around you is thick enough.
2434. Green Fire Mimicry,4.9
#Your body is made of or can transform into green fire, carrying all the mystical properties of underworld flames. In full form you are a being of emerald flame, vulnerable to water and cold but capable of burning through defenses that would stop ordinary fire. Takes time to master fully.
2435. Gremlin Physiology,3.8
#You are or can transform into a gremlin, a mischievous creature with an insane curiosity about machines and a compulsion to tear them apart. You possess an intuitive understanding of mechanical devices, able to dismantle or sabotage machinery with unnerving ease, and planes especially just seem to fall apart around you.
2436. Grey Physiology,4.5
#You are or can transform into a Grey, the classic extraterrestrial with the oversized head and enormous black eyes. You possess a brilliant mind suited for technology and psionic abilities, though your body is physically frail. You have an instinctive affinity for advanced alien tech and telepathic manipulation, but a strong human could snap you in half.
2437. Grid Mimicry,4.2
#You are or can transform into wireframe graphics, becoming a being of pure geometric lines and vertices. In this form you can shapeshift into other wireframe objects and beings, though you become vulnerable to computer viruses and digital threats that would mean nothing to flesh.
2438. Griffin Physiology,4.6
#You are or can transform into a griffin, the legendary beast with the body of a lion and the head and wings of an eagle. You possess incredible physical strength, razor-sharp talons and beak, and the ability to fly with lion-like power and eagle-like grace. Griffins are traditionally associated with guarding treasure and royalty, and you'll find your instincts tilt that way.
2439. Grim Reaper Physiology,7.4
#You are a Grim Reaper, a psychopomp whose duty is to guide the souls of the recently dead to the afterlife. You can perceive souls, sever them from bodies with your scythe, and travel freely between the world of the living and the realm of the dead. The dying can see you even when others cannot.
2440. Groac'h Physiology,5.2
#Breton Folklore - You are a Groac'h, an ancient water-hag of the Breton coast. You can appear as either a horrifically ugly crone or a stunning beauty at will, you have potent fairy magic tied to seawater and tidepools, and you can transmute men into fish or stones with a touch. Cold iron and prayers wound you as they would any fey thing.
2441. Ground Mimicry,4.6
#Your body is made of ground and you can transform between regular flesh and various forms of earth at will, whether soil, stone, concrete, or sand. In full transformation you become a homogeneous mass that cannot be wounded conventionally. Be careful, turning back from a pile of gravel takes practice.
2442. Group Empowerment,6.9
#You are the living avatar of a group, drawing power directly from the collective strength, will, and abilities of the people within it. The larger and more unified your group, the stronger you become. A lone soldier with this trait could fight an army if they represent a nation that stands behind them, and the group need not even know they are granting you their power.
2443. Guardian Force Empowerment,4.9
#You grow stronger, faster, and more durable whenever you come into contact with guardian forces, and you may unlock new abilities tied to them. Some users even slow their aging or sustain themselves directly from the forces. You must hold a guardianship status for the empowerment to trigger.
2444. Guardian Power Link,5.1
#Your guardianship status is directly linked to your powers, with the aspect of being a guardian fueling and strengthening everything you do. As long as you remain a true guardian, your abilities grow stronger and more refined. If you ever abandon or lose your guardianship, the powers vanish with it, and an unstable guardianship can cause them to rage out of control.
2445. Guilt Embodiment,6.3
#You are the physical manifestation of guilt, either your own or others', and your very existence demands punishment and judgment for wrongs committed. You can mete out supreme judgment on the guilty and your presence alone forces the wicked to confront their crimes.
2446. Guitar Mimicry,2.0
#You are or can transform into a guitar, becoming the instrument in full. In this form you may struggle to move on your own, but you make for one incredible conversation piece.
2447. Gum Mimicry,3.0
#Your body is made of chewing gum, or you can transform into it, stretching, sticking, and deforming while retaining your shape. You are immune to most physical trauma due to your elasticity, but dust, sand, or powder can rob you of your adhesive properties.
2448. Gumball Machine Mimicry,1.8
#You can transform into a gumball machine, dispensing colorful candy for a small fee. Your glass head is fragile and can be broken, but at least you'll be the most popular party guest in town.
2449. Gummi Mimicry,2.9
#You are or can transform into gummi candy, becoming soft, chewy, and colorful. You are vulnerable to fire and heat which will melt you, and cold can make you brittle and easy to shatter.
2450. Gummy Bear Mimicry,2.5
#You can transform into a gummy bear or swarm of gummy bears, with all organs intact but made entirely of chewy sugary goodness. The main drawback is obvious - you can be eaten.
2451. Gun Mimicry,3.3
#Your body is made of guns or can transform into them, with every part of you capable of firing rounds at will. Your form may be limited to a specific type of firearm depending on your nature, and returning to your original body may not always be possible.
2452. Gun Symbiosis,5.2
#You are symbiotically bonded with a living gun, a sentient non-biological entity that grants you supernatural powers based on its nature. The stronger the gun entity, the stronger the abilities it grants, but powerful entities may attempt to take over your mind or body if your will is not strong enough.
2453. Gyochu Physiology,3.6
#You are or can transform into a Gyochu, a tiny six-armed yokai that resides in the reproductive organs of those who break the sacred tradition of Koshin night. You collect information on the sins and evil deeds of your host and can leave their body on each Koshin night to report them to the gods. Vulnerable to Shinto rituals and prayers.
2454. Gyukan Physiology,2.7
#You are or can transform into a Gyukan, a microscopic yokai resembling a tiny horned bull that infects the lungs of children and causes distemper and irritability. You can sense food entering a victim's throat and squirm around to make them faint. Vulnerable to acupuncture and Shinto rituals.
2455. Habitable Anatomy,4.5
#Your internal anatomy is remarkably spacious and capable of housing other beings, creatures, or even structures inside you for extended periods of time. Your insides may be larger than your outside, and with training you can provide a habitable environment to your tenants. Untrained users may not even realize there are people living inside them.
2456. Hachishaku-sama Physiology,5.4
#You are or can transform into Hachishaku-sama, an eight foot tall spirit from Japanese folklore who stalks children for days or months before spiriting them away to absorb their vital energy. You appear as a tall woman in a white dress and wide-brimmed hat, your voice shifting between sweet and masculine. You are bound to specific zones and are weak against sacred objects and rituals.
2457. Hafgufa Physiology,5.4
#Norse Mythology - You are or can transform into a Hafgufa, the colossal sea beast said to lurk in the waters between Iceland and Helluland. In full form your bulk rivals an island and you can swallow entire ships, shoals and whales in a single gulp.
2458. Hag Physiology,5.6
#You are or can transform into a hag, a wizened crone of the wild places. You possess deep knowledge of occult and arcane matters, command primal forces of winter and barren lands, and your wisdom is sought even as your malevolence is feared. Vulnerable to anti-magic and trained supernatural hunters.
2459. Hahakigami Physiology,3.0
#You are or can transform into a Hahakigami, a broom tsukumogami venerated as a charm for safe childbirth. You can sweep negative energy and bad spirits out of any room and purify tainted spaces with a single pass.
2460. Haimushi Physiology,2.6
#You are or can transform into a Haimushi, a microscopic yokai resembling a tiny monstrous moth that nests in victims' lungs. You can infect others with lung-borne sickness but if you stray too far from your host and get lost, you will burst into flame and burn away.
2461. Hainu Physiology,3.6
#You are or can transform into a Hainu, a winged dog yokai of Kyūshū legend. You possess ferocious predatory instincts, powerful jaws and the ability to take to the air on great canine wings, equally fit as a terror of villages or a loyal hound of warlords.
2462. Hair Color Shifting,1.1
#You can freely shift the colour of your own hair for disguise or expression. If the effect is tied to your emotions, reading your moods becomes embarrassingly easy.
2463. Hair Empowerment,3.2
#You grow stronger, faster and tougher the longer and more abundant your hair is, and contact with the hair of others can further fuel you. Shearing your hair strips you of the boost.
2464. Hair Mimicry,4.0
#Your body is, or can become, composed entirely of hair. In this form you retain your shape and organs but gain the flexibility and resilience of dense keratin, though flames and shears remain distinct concerns.
2465. Hair Regrowth,1.6
#Your hair grows back at supernatural speeds, regenerating fully within seconds or minutes after being cut, shaved or burned. A godsend for bad haircuts, less so for anything else.
2466. Hair Symbiosis,4.6
#You host a hair-based entity within your body, usually anchored to a follicle-rich area, which grants you hair-based offensive, defensive and binding abilities. As with any symbiosis, the being has its own will and weaknesses that may become your own, and in moments of weakness it may attempt to take full control.
2467. Haishaku Physiology,3.1
#You are or can transform into a Haishaku, a microscopic cloud-shaped yokai that infects victims through the armpit and settles into their lungs. Your touch causes skin to become abnormally pale and smooth, breeds unshakable depression, and leaves victims unable to tolerate any scent except raw fish. Gentle acupuncture and Shinto rites are your undoing.
2468. Half-Alien Physiology,4.5
#You are a half-alien, a hybrid between humanity and some extraterrestrial race. Your physical and mental traits are drawn from your alien parent, potentially granting you abilities and resilience beyond what either parent alone could achieve, though you may inherit their weaknesses as well.
2469. Half-Animal Physiology,3.7
#You are a half-animal, either born of such a union or created through genetic experimentation, granting you animalistic traits and abilities while retaining full human sentience and free will. The specific powers depend entirely on what animal you are half of.
2470. Half-Giant Physiology,4.2
#You are a half-giant, a humanoid born from the union of giant-kin with another race, granting you immense size, strength, and durability beyond what any ordinary human could achieve. You are still smaller and weaker than a true giant and may draw the same slayers who hunt your larger kin.
2471. Half-Mon Physiology,4.3
#You are a half-mon, a being with both human and mon heritage, whether natural or engineered. You carry the elemental traits and combat instincts of your mon half while retaining your human mind, and the specific powers depend on which species runs in your blood.
2472. Half-Mutant Physiology,4.6
#You are a half-mutant, half of your DNA remaining untouched while the other half has been warped into something new. Unlike full mutants, you retain your consciousness and rationality while wielding your mutations with full intent, making you considerably more dangerous than your fully-mutated kin.
2473. Half-Plant Physiology,3.9
#You are a half-plant, born through a union of flora and flesh or created by genetic experimentation, granting you plant-based abilities while retaining the mobility, sentience, and free will of a human. Your specific powers depend on what species of plant runs through your veins.
2474. Half-Spirit Physiology,5.5
#You are a hybrid of solid matter and some spectral being, whether a ghost, wraith, angel, demon, or poltergeist. As a half-spirit you possess powers that transcend both the physical and the spiritual planes, and the strength of your abilities depends on how well your dual heritage has mixed within you.
2475. Half-Zombie Physiology,3.8
#You are a half-zombie, partially infected with the zombie virus but not fully consumed by it. You retain some degree of cognition and humanity while bearing pale, decaying flesh and a gnawing craving for human meat, locked in a constant struggle to keep your mind your own.
2476. Halfling Physiology,2.2
#DnD - You are or can transform into a halfling, a humanoid roughly half the height of a human but otherwise proportionately similar. Nimble-footed, surprisingly hardy, and with an undying fondness for a second breakfast.
2477. Hallucinogenic Anatomy,3.5
#Your body is made of or produces hallucinogenic substances, inducing vivid trips in anyone who ingests, injects, or touches your secretions. With training you may direct the hallucinations themselves, though uncontrolled exposure may affect you just as easily.
2478. Hamadryad Physiology,5.4
#You are a Hamadryad, a minor tree goddess bound to a specific tree. You cannot stray far from your tree and if it dies, you die with it, but in exchange you possess divine beauty and the full wrath of the gods protects you; any who harm you invite curses from on high. Your tree and body regenerate from almost any damage as long as the other lives.
2479. Hamburger Mimicry,1.6
#Your body is made of hamburger or you can freely transform into one. You can reshape and reform yourself but you are also, unavoidably, edible.
2480. Hamburger Monster Physiology,2.8
#You are or can transform into a hamburger monster, a grotesque patty-fleshed beast with enhanced physical stats and an appetite to match. You are still, unfortunately, made of hamburger and can be eaten by anything big enough.
2481. Hammer Mimicry,2.3
#Your body is made of hammers or you can transform into one. Depending on what your hammers are made of, your durability and offensive potential vary wildly, but getting swung by an ally is a whole new way to travel.
2482. Hamster Physiology,1.7
#You are or can transform into a hamster, partially or fully. You gain a hamster's agility, cheek pouches and adorable demeanor, but being a small rodent comes with all the usual vulnerabilities.
2483. Hand Mimicry,2.0
#You are or can transform into a hand of any shape or size. If you become purely a hand, you may need a friend to carry you around, though you still retain your senses and awareness.
2484. Hang Glider Mimicry,1.2
#You are or can transform into a hang glider. You can soar on the wind for hours but you may need a rider to actually steer you anywhere useful, and strong gusts can send you tumbling.
2485. Haniwa Mimicry,3.9
#You are or can transform into a haniwa, a clay idol from ancient Japan used to guard the graves of the dead. As a haniwa, you are semi-immortal, capable of hosting the spirits of the deceased within your form and warding off evil spirits and demons. Your clay body is durable but can be shattered by sufficient force.
2486. Hantu Air Physiology,4.3
#You are or can become a Hantu Air, a water spirit from Malaysian folklore that inhabits any body of water from vast rivers to small puddles. You are invisible to normal humans, can possess and manipulate any water you inhabit, and can drown targets from a distance. You can only fully manifest while in water and are vulnerable to the rituals of local shamans.
2487. Hanyo Physiology,3.6
#InuYasha - You are a half-yokai, possessing the physical prowess and supernatural traits of your yokai parent while retaining your human heart. You are stronger, faster and tougher than any human, with minor regeneration and sharper senses, but you may still carry the weaknesses of your yokai bloodline.
2488. Happiness Embodiment,6.5
#You are the living embodiment of happiness itself. Your very presence radiates joy, you grow stronger the more bliss there is around you, and your powers, personality and form all reflect the concept of happiness. Sadness, however, can weaken or even kill you.
2489. Hare Physiology,2.1
#You possess the traits of a hare or can transform into one. You are incredibly swift, with powerful hind legs capable of explosive leaps and kicks, excellent hearing, and sharp senses to help you evade predators.
2490. Harionago Physiology,4.3
#You are a Harionago, a man-eating yokai appearing as a beautiful long-haired woman whose every strand ends in a cruel barbed hook. You can freely animate your hair to ensnare, tear apart and devour victims. Like most yokai, you are vulnerable to certain prayers and rituals.
2491. Harmony Embodiment,7.0
#You are the living personification of harmony itself, the concept of beings coexisting peacefully with each other and with nature. Your presence soothes strife, your word can still a battlefield, and the natural world aligns itself to your state of being. The scope of the concept is a heavy burden on mortal minds.
2492. Harpy Physiology,3.8
#Greek Mythology - You are a harpy, a winged woman-bird from Greek myth who punished mortals for their misdeeds. You possess powerful talons, sharp beak or teeth, and wings that let you dive at prey, and you personify the violent storm-winds of the sea.
2493. Harshland Adaptation,3.5
#You are adapted to survive the world's harshest environments, be it scorching deserts, frozen tundras, toxic swamps or crushing ocean trenches. You are tougher and stronger than those born in gentler climates, with sharp survival instincts honed by unforgiving terrain.
2494. Hashika Doji Physiology,5.0
#You are a Hashika Doji, a demonic giant of Japanese folklore who embodies a measles outbreak. You tower over ordinary humans, radiating contagious disease that sickens and overwhelms any who oppose you. You are vulnerable to the rites of shrine maidens and Shinto priests.
2495. Hatred Embodiment,7.4
#You are the physical embodiment of hatred itself, drawing endless power and even lifespan from the hate of yourself and others. As long as hatred exists in the world, you cannot truly die, but being stripped of hate or opposed by embodiments of love can weaken you severely.
2496. Hawk Physiology,2.8
#Allows you to transform into a hawk or a hawk-human hybrid form. You gain incredible eyesight, flight, and sharp talons capable of snatching prey mid-air, though in full hawk form your size and strength are limited.
2497. Head Liberation,3.0
#You can live with your head fully separated from your body, able to remove and reattach it at will or even swap it out for something else. Losing track of your detached head is a very real danger, and damage to the head itself can still kill you.
2498. Head Mimicry,1.6
#You are or can transform into a disembodied floating head with no body attached. You can drift about freely but good luck picking anything up or opening a door.
2499. Healing Blood,4.5
#Your blood is heavily enriched with regenerative properties, keeping you in peak health as long as it flows within you. Transfusing it to others boosts their own healing, and in large enough doses may permanently grant them regeneration, though giving too much at once will weaken you severely.
2500. Healing Bodily Fluids,3.2
#Your bodily fluids - blood, saliva, sweat, and the rest - carry regenerative properties that can be passed on through contact. A drop of spit can close a wound, a smear of blood can cure a fever. Potency scales with the severity of the fluid involved.
2501. Healing Empowerment,4.1
#You grow stronger, faster and more durable with every wound you mend. Healing others feeds you as surely as food would, and with enough patients on your table, you can slow or even stop your own aging.
2502. Healing Flesh,2.9
#Your flesh carries regenerative properties and heals anyone who eats it. Effective, though it requires you to carve off a chunk of yourself each time someone needs help, which makes you a somewhat uncomfortable dinner companion.
2503. Healing Immunity,1.6
#You are immune to all forms of healing. No spell, potion, or restorative power can mend your wounds, which is an extraordinarily niche advantage only occasionally useful and very often a death sentence.
2504. Healing Luck,4.5
#Luck bends in your favor whenever health is on the line. Dire prognoses turn into miraculous recoveries, infections fail to take hold, and any fight for survival tips its odds your way. You may live an almost absurdly healthy life without lifting a finger.
2505. Healing Power Embodiment,5.7
#Your body is made entirely of healing energy, either mimicking your original form or as a homogenous luminous mass. Every cell of you hums with restorative power, fortifying your physical frame while letting you pour yourself into wounds that need mending.
2506. Healing Saliva,2.1
#Your spit can close open wounds and restore minor injuries. Effective on cuts, scrapes and surface damage, but it dries quickly and can't reach anything coursing through the body itself.
2507. Healing Sleep,3.1
#Your sleep regenerates your body, closing wounds and restoring stamina while you rest. Unlike Healing Coma, you are fully asleep - vulnerable, and only able to heal as fast as the damage is dealt, but at least you'll wake up in the morning.
2508. Health Ailment Immunity,5.2
#You are immune to all medical ailments, from diseases and disorders to birth defects and hereditary illnesses. If you acquired this after birth, it retroactively purges every existing ailment, leaving you in optimal physical, mental, and genetic health. Doesn't protect you from trauma or supernatural attacks.
2509. Health Point Meter,3.2
#(Game) You have a literal HP meter floating over you that ticks down when you're hurt and regenerates over time or via healing items. As long as your bar isn't empty you're fine, but the moment it hits zero your life is forfeit regardless of what the damage actually was.
2510. Absolute Health,8.9
#You are the absolute pinnacle of physical, mental, spiritual, emotional, and sexual health of your entire universe. You are immune to all disorders, diseases, and disabilities, and your health is so pristine it borders on invulnerability - only equal or superior forces can even hope to harm you.
2511. Enhanced Health,3.3
#Your health and condition are beyond the max of your species. Every part of your body inside and out is in first-rate shape, and you can eat absurd amounts while maintaining your physique. You recover faster, get sick less, and can take significantly more damage than a normal human before going down.
2512. Supernatural Health,4.7
#Your health is glaringly, supernaturally superior to others in your universe. You are immune to diseases, disorders and disabilities, can soak up absurd amounts of damage before fainting, and your metabolic rate is pushed well beyond human limits. Still vulnerable to poison and disease generation powers.
2513. Peak Human Health,2.3
#Your physical, mental, and emotional health are at the absolute peak of what a human can achieve. You almost never get sick, recover faster than normal, and have the constitution of an Olympic athlete - but you're still mortal like everyone else.
2514. Absolute Hearing,8.4
#You can hear everything - every sound in the world, the galaxy, the entire universe, even the thoughts of anyone and everyone and sounds from the past and future. Most importantly, you can filter this infinite input to perfect precision, so you are never forced to hear it all at once.
2515. Enhanced Hearing,2.8
#Your hearing is enhanced far beyond the human limit, letting you pick up sounds from miles away and hear frequencies normal ears can't. Your ears come with natural protection against overload, and you can pick apart multiple layers of sound in a crowded city.
2516. Supernatural Hearing,4.4
#Your sense of hearing is glaringly supernatural, letting you hear across incredible distances, pick up impossibly quiet sounds, and register frequencies far outside the normal range. Advanced users can even hear individual atoms moving, or the activity of spirits and immaterial beings.
2517. Peak Human Hearing,2.1
#Your hearing is pushed to the absolute peak of human perfection. You can pick up a watch ticking from 100 feet away, hear clearly through thick brick walls, and catch sounds from a mile off in complete silence. Still vulnerable to sensory overload.
2518. Heart Entity Physiology,4.4
#You are an entity entirely made of one or more hearts, or your body is a living manifestation of your own heart. Being all heart makes you incredibly sensitive and vulnerable, but deeply tied to the symbolic power of the cardiovascular core.
2519. Heartlessness,3.4
#You lack a physical heart entirely. Your body sustains itself through alternative biology, magic, or sheer stubbornness, and any power that relies on stopping, manipulating, or detecting a heart simply has nothing to grab onto. A surprising number of cardiac assassins will be very confused by you.
2520. Heat Capacitor,3.7
#Your body is a living thermal battery, capable of absorbing heat and storing it indefinitely for later release. You can channel the stored charge for any purpose you can formulate, from powering abilities to dumping it all in one devastating discharge.
2521. Heat Embodiment,6.5
#You are the embodiment of heat itself, the living personification of rising temperature in your reality. You have near limitless control over heat and anything conceptually tied to it, and your authority over thermal phenomena is absolute. Cold still bothers you though, it is the one thing that can bring you low.
2522. Heat Empowerment,3.3
#Contact with heat makes you stronger, faster, and tougher, potentially unlocking latent abilities tied to the element. The hotter the environment, the sharper you become, and some users draw sustenance from heat directly or slow their aging in its presence. Cold saps you.
2523. Heat Immunity,3.6
#Heat does nothing to you. Volcanoes feel like saunas, deserts feel like mild afternoons, and heatstroke and dehydration are concepts that no longer apply. You may still be vulnerable to cold and primordial flames.
2524. Heat Mimicry,5.2
#Your body is made of heat or can transform into it at will, with your heat form retaining your shape and flowing through your cells to reinforce your flesh and bones. In full form you can shift between solid and homogeneous heat, though energy drain attacks become devastatingly effective on you.
2525. Heat Resistance,2.3
#Your body shrugs off extreme temperatures that would normally blister and burn. Not full immunity, but you can walk through a house fire, handle molten metal briefly, or work near a forge all day without issue.
2526. Heat Soul,5.0
#Your soul is made of pure heat energy, burning with a hunger that you can channel outward into soul flames, manifested spirit forms and thermal abilities. Extremely vulnerable to soul manipulation, heat absorption and cold-based attacks on your inner fire.
2527. Heaven Embodiment,7.4
#You are Heaven made flesh, the living personification of paradise, eternal reward, and perfect peace. Your mere presence brings ecstasy and serenity to those around you, angels recognize you on instinct, and the goodness you embody is not a metaphor but a cosmic force.
2528. Heaven Immunity,4.8
#You are barred from Heaven entirely, immune to its pull, its joy and its judgement. No matter how much good you do, paradise cannot claim you, either through divine banishment or a pact that bypasses the whole system. Often comes with a heavy curse and eternal wandering attached, and it does not save you from soul erasure or other afterlives.
2529. Heavenly Connection,4.9
#You share a deep bond with the Heavens, whether physical, mental, emotional or spiritual, granting you an intuitive understanding of paradise and everything it touches. Angels sense the connection on you and are more willing to lend aid, though the link can be severed by powerful cutting forces.
2530. Heavyweight Mass,5.4
#Your body carries a staggering mass, heavier than nearly anything in existence, yet you move through the world as though weightless. Lighter forces like wind, water, and most attacks simply cannot shift you, while your slightest movements carry planetary inertia.
2531. Heavyweight Movement,2.8
#You move with tremendous weight behind every step, letting you stand on pressure plates meant for giants, ignore strong currents and winds, and break through fragile surfaces just by walking. Untrained users leave a trail of cracked floors behind them.
2532. Heavyworlder Physiology,4.3
#You are a heavyworlder, evolved for the crushing gravity of super-earths and gas giants. Your bones, muscles and cardiovascular system are built to operate under pressure that would flatten normal life, giving you enhanced strength and endurance in standard gravity. Extended time on lighter worlds may slowly erode these adaptations.
2533. Hedgehog Physiology,2.2
#You either are or can transform into a hedgehog, gaining its prickly quill defense, keen nose and small frame. Be careful not to poke yourself with your own spines.
2534. Hekatonkheire Physiology,6.6
#Greek Mythology - You are or can transform into a Hecatoncheire, a primal hundred-armed fifty-headed giant of raw ferocity. Your strength surpasses that of Titans, and you can hurl mountains as casually as pebbles, raining down a hundred at a time from your ring of arms.
2535. Hell Embodiment,7.8
#You are the embodiment of Hell itself, a living incarnation of torment and damnation. Your presence alone can cause the weak-willed to experience the suffering of the damned, and you possess authority over all things hellish. Requires a realm to be considered your Hell for the power to function at its full potential.
2536. Hell Immunity,5.8
#You are completely immune to Hell and all of its punishments, regardless of how wicked you are in life. Demons cannot claim you, hellfire does not burn you, and the torments of the damned simply do not apply. Does not protect you from other forms of eternal torment, however.
2537. Hellish Connection,4.0
#You possess a deep physical, mental, emotional, and spiritual connection to the spheres of Hell, granting you an intuitive understanding of the infernal realms and their workings. This connection makes learning hell-related abilities far easier, but it can be severed by the right methods.
2538. Heresy Embodiment,5.4
#You are the embodiment of heresy, a being who has totally turned away from their own faith to embrace darker, stranger powers. Your abilities grow stronger the more you transgress, but they become more twisted and foreign with each step into the dark.
2539. Heroic Luck,5.2
#You have luck that only applies to heroic situations, meaning as long as you are on a heroic quest, fortune favors you and your companions while your enemies suffer just-in-time misfortunes. A crime boss' gun will jam, a stray bullet will miss, a collapsing bridge will hold just long enough. Does not apply to mundane or social luck.
2540. Heroism Embodiment,6.6
#You embody everything it means to be a hero. You are dauntless, a pillar of valor, and you will never succumb to the dark temptations of the heroic path no matter what. You are wrapped in such thick plot armor that defeat becomes almost impossible in moments that truly matter, as if the universe itself is rooting for you.
2541. Hesperis Physiology,5.1
#Greek Myth - You are a Hesperis nymph, a minor goddess of dusk, evening, sunset light and the west. You have minor divine physicality, control over the golden light of the setting sun, and a natural affinity for twilight hours. Your power peaks at sundown.
2542. Hidebehind Physiology,4.1
#American Folklore - You are a Hidebehind, a nocturnal fearsome critter from logging camp legends. You can hide behind any object regardless of whether it should logically be able to conceal you, becoming completely unnoticeable as long as you have something to hide behind. You are powerful and predatory, but deeply averse to alcohol which can repel you.
2543. Hieracosphinx Physiology,5.3
#Egyptian Myth - You are or can transform into a Hieracosphinx, a falcon-headed sphinx combining the body of a lion with the head of a hawk. You possess immense physical prowess, flight, predatory senses and the regal bearing of a mythical Egyptian guardian beast.
2544. Hierarchy Transcendence,9.3
#You transcend all hierarchies of existence, physical, conceptual, social or cosmic. You stand above the entire power structure itself, be it of gods, cosmic entities or metaphysical beings, across universes, multiverses and beyond. You are a unique, independent and free entity ranked outside all ranking, though a true Supreme Being of the hierarchy may still stand above you.
2545. High Resistance,3.6
#You are superhumanly resistant to specific detrimental conditions, particularly your species' traditional weaknesses. A vampire with this would only get mild sunburns instead of burning to ash, and could regenerate them afterward. It is not total immunity and enough of the weakness can still hurt or kill you.
2546. Higher Consciousness,7.8
#Your mind has ascended beyond the confines of your body, spreading into an external existence that transcends the physical. You can self-manage, awaken dormant potential, and exert your will over nature and eventually reality itself. The scale of what you can command scales with how far your consciousness has transcended, potentially reaching universal levels.
2547. Hikeshi Baba Physiology,3.6
#Allows you to transform into a Hikeshi Baba, a yokai-hag from Japanese folklore that despises all light. You are driven to snuff out lanterns and cloak the world in gloom, and malicious yokai and demons flock to follow in your wake. Vulnerable to the prayers of Shrine Maidens and Shinto Priests.
2548. Hinnagami Physiology,4.3
#You are a hinnagami, a cursed doll-construct from Japanese folklore possessed by a powerful yokai, bound eternally to whoever gave you life. You can grant any wish your creator desires, but you grow increasingly obsessive and demanding over time, and will follow them even into the afterlife. Fanatically devoted to your creator and no one else.
2549. Hinoenma Physiology,4.1
#Allows you to transform into a Hinoenma, a seductive female demon from Japanese folklore similar to a succubus. You can tempt men, especially holy ones, into sinful relationships, draining them of life and fortune before moving on to your next victim. Embodies feminine evil and seduction. Vulnerable to divine magic, prayers and relics.
2550. Hippalectryon Physiology,3.2
#Greek Mythology - Allows you to transform into a Hippalectryon, a mythical hybrid of horse and rooster said to have been created by Poseidon to watch over those at sea under his protection. You gain the physical traits of both creatures and Poseidon's favor over seafarers. Not mentioned as immortal in myth, so you are still mortal.
2551. Hippocampus Physiology,3.8
#Greek Mythology - Allows you to transform into a Hippocampus, a mythic sea-horse with the forepart of a horse and the serpentine tail of a fish. You can swim at incredible speeds through the sea, breathe underwater, and were once the steeds of sea gods like Poseidon. Grants strong dominion over aquatic environments.
2552. Hippogriff Physiology,3.9
#Allows you to transform into a Hippogriff, the legendary offspring of a griffin and a mare, with the head and wings of an eagle and the body of a horse. You gain flight, enhanced physical abilities and sharp talons, and represent something thought impossible. Extremely rare even among mythical beasts.
2553. Hippopotamus Physiology,2.4
#Allows you to transform, partially or fully, into a hippopotamus. You gain incredible physical strength, a terrifying bite, thick hide and semi-aquatic capabilities. Hippos kill more humans per year than any other mammal, so this is no joke despite how silly they look.
2554. Hippopotamusoid Physiology,2.6
#You are a hippopotamusoid, a humanoid race with the traits of a hippo. You have the physical power and bulk of a hippopotamus combined with the dexterity and intellect of a human, letting you wield weapons and armor while trampling foes who underestimate you.
2555. Hitotsume Kozo Physiology,2.3
#Allows you to transform into a Hitotsume Kozo, a mischief-prone one-eyed goblin from Japanese folklore that dresses in monk robes and haunts lonely roads. You love startling travelers but are otherwise harmless, leaving your victims alone after the initial scare. Vulnerable to divine magic, prayers and relics.
2556. Hitotsume Nyudo Physiology,4.5
#Allows you to transform into a Hitotsume Nyudo, an enormous one-eyed demonic giant from Japanese folklore. You gain monstrous size, cruel strength, and a retinue of yokai and human slaves who parade with you. Extremely violent, creative in cruelty, and vulnerable to holy rituals of Shrine Maidens and Shinto Priests.
2557. Hive Mind,5.2
#You share a single mind with a group of others, often biologically related, each able to work autonomously while thinking the same thoughts at the same time. Members can be fully puppet-like or retain some individuality. If one is hurt, all feel the pain, and without a hive king or queen to direct them the whole collective falters.
2558. Hoax Physiology,4.2
#You are a hoax given flesh, an urban legend made real. Your existence is slippery and hard to pin down, witnesses contradict each other about what you look like, and the more people doubt you the harder you are to harm. Cameras rarely catch you clearly.
2559. Hobgoblin Physiology,2.8
#You are a hobgoblin, a mischievous little house spirit. You possess minor fae magic, enhanced dexterity and an uncanny knack for chores done overnight in exchange for a saucer of cream. You cannot resist a practical joke, and receiving clothes as a gift may banish you outright.
2560. Hodag Physiology,3.6
#You are a Hodag, a chimerical beast from North American folklore with horns, spikes, thick clawed legs and a spear-tipped tail. Your bite can crush bone and your hide shrugs off most blades, though you are still flesh and blood and a determined monster slayer can put you down.
2561. Hogzilla Physiology,3.3
#You are or can transform into Hogzilla, a monstrously oversized hybrid of wild boar and domestic pig. You possess immense size, enhanced strength and tusks that can gore through flesh and wood alike. Unfortunately for you, rifles still work just fine.
2562. Hole Mimicry,4.0
#Your body is made of holes or can become so at will. In this form attacks pass through most of you harmlessly, though the hole-parts of your anatomy still contain your vital organs, which is an unsettling thought. You may need a surface to travel along.
2563. Holiday Empowerment,4.5
#You become stronger, faster and tougher the closer you are to a holiday, and during the holiday itself you are at your peak. Certain holidays unlock related abilities, Halloween grants you fear powers, Christmas grants warmth and giving, and you may even feed on the collective cheer to slow your aging.
2564. Holiday Power Link,4.6
#Your powers are linked to your holiday aspect, fueled and strengthened by festive essence. Whatever abilities you possess run hotter and harder when channeled through the spirit of a holiday. Users of Event Negation can sever the link and leave you powerless.
2565. Hollow Skeleton,2.1
#Your bones are hollow like a bird's, making you lighter, faster and more agile than you look. The tradeoff is obvious, your bones snap easier than a normal person's unless your bone density has been reinforced.
2566. Hollowness,5.4
#Your body is completely empty inside, no organs, no bones, no blood, just a shell that somehow walks and talks. Anything that would kill you by damaging internal structures simply does nothing, because there is nothing inside to damage. You are still vulnerable to destruction of the shell itself, and to powers that fill emptiness with something.
2567. Hologram Physiology,4.3
#Your body is a hologram, or you can become one. You are fundamentally intangible light, immune to most physical harm, but you usually need a projector or emitter to sustain your form. Destroy or hack the projector and you are in trouble.
2568. Holstaur Physiology,2.7
#You are a Holstaur, a humanoid cowgirl with bovine ears, horns and tail. You are calm, docile and possess minor enhanced strength and durability befitting a bovine lineage. Holstaurs are not particularly bright and crave human companionship, which may be more of a social hazard than a combat one.
2569. Holy Vessel,6.2
#You host a divine or holy being within your body, potentially even a group of deities, giving them a way to walk among mortals through you. In exchange, you can tap into their powers, channel divine prophecies, and act with their authority. Like all such pacts, it comes with a price — and powers that target divinity hit you twice as hard.
2570. Home Embodiment,6.3
#You are the physical manifestation of home and everything it represents — family, union, protection, warmth, love. Those near you feel safe in a way they can't explain, and any place you stay for long enough becomes a home in the truest sense. Your presence alone can turn the coldest ruin into a sanctuary.
2571. Homing Defiance,3.6
#You cannot be targeted or tracked by homing attacks of any kind. Missiles lose your lock, seeking spells forget your name, guided projectiles veer off course. Absurdly fast homing attacks may still catch up to you through sheer momentum.
2572. Homogeneous Movement,3.4
#You move across and through any form of matter as if it were all the same substance. Running on water, sprinting through mud, swimming through sand, walking through gas — all feel identical to walking on solid ground. You can still slip on a banana peel though.
2573. Homunculus Physiology,4.0
#FMA - You are a homunculus, an artificial humanoid born of alchemy. Your body is engineered rather than grown, and depending on how you were made you may possess enhanced physical traits, extended lifespan, or even specialised abilities granted by your creator. You tend to be fiercely loyal to whoever made you, if they are still around.
2574. Hone-Onna Physiology,4.2
#You are a Hone-onna, a yokai bone woman. You can appear as a beautiful but frighteningly thin lady carrying a red peony lantern, using your charm to lure men close before extracting their lifeforce by touch, reducing them to skeletons. You can also manifest your true skeletal form at will.
2575. Honesty Embodiment,5.8
#You are the embodiment of Honesty itself. Your conviction is unshakeable, your word is law, and lies wither in your presence. You can convert your honest actions and truthful words into tangible energy to use as weapons, shields, or support for allies. Overpowered by the Fallen and those who embody Treachery.
2576. Honor Empowerment,4.3
#You grow stronger, faster, and more durable through the honor you carry within you or draw from others. The more honorable your actions, the greater your power, and deeply honorable users may even slow their aging. Dishonor and shame weaken you in equal measure.
2577. Hoof Protrusion,1.9
#You can grow hooves on your feet, either single or cloven. Useful for kicking harder and keeping your footing on rough terrain, and if cloven, gives off a distinctly demonic vibe.
2578. Hook Protrusion,1.7
#You can grow hooks out of your body, most commonly in place of a hand. Pirate aesthetic on demand, and surprisingly handy for grabbing things off high shelves.
2579. Hope Embodiment,7.4
#You are the living embodiment of hope itself, able to feed on the hope of everything and convert it into energy, lifespan or weaponry. You may never age and are immune to death under most conditions, and you can overcome any adversity no matter how impossible as long as hope still exists somewhere.
2580. Hope Empowerment,3.9
#You grow stronger, faster and more durable when fueled by the hope of yourself and others. High-stakes moments where everyone is rooting for you become your peak, and you may even slow your aging by drawing sustenance from hope itself.
2581. Hopkinsville Goblin Physiology,2.7
#You are or can transform into a Hopkinsville Goblin, the imp-like extraterrestrial from one of UFOlogy's most famous cases. You have large pointed ears, clawed hands, spindly legs and huge glowing eyes, along with the resilience to shrug off shotgun blasts as the original sightings described.
2582. Horae Physiology,7.3
#Greek Mythology - You are or can transform into a Horae, a goddess of the seasons, natural portions of time and natural justice. You wield divine dominion over the passing of time within the natural order, can shift seasons in your domain and embody the impartial justice of nature itself.
2583. Horizontal Pupils,1.2
#Your pupils are horizontal slits like those of a goat or sheep. You gain a significantly wider field of view and better peripheral vision, letting you spot movement and predators that ordinary eyes would miss.
2584. Horn Protrusion,2.0
#You can grow horns from your head or body, either permanently or on demand. Great for goring, headbutting and intimidation, though attacking with them means putting your skull within arm's reach of the enemy.
2585. Hornet Physiology,3.3
#You are or can transform into a hornet, either fully or in a hybrid form. You gain flight, a venomous stinger (if female), enhanced aggression and the notorious resilience of one of nature's most feared insects. Be wary of those who can control insects.
2586. Horror Embodiment,7.5
#You are the embodiment of horror itself, the concept and conveyance of fear in fiction made flesh. Your mere presence induces dread in those capable of fearing you, and you draw strength from every scared heart in the world. Useless against the truly fearless, and sometimes terrifying even when you don't mean to be.
2587. Horse Physiology,2.3
#You either are or can transform into a horse, be it a wild stallion, a sturdy draft horse, or a pony. Grants enhanced speed, stamina, and powerful kicks. Camelids make you nervous.
2588. Hosogami Physiology,4.6
#You are a Hosogami, a small ugly yokai of Japanese folklore that spreads smallpox and pestilence in its wake. You possess a fearsome temper, disease-based powers, and the ability to inflict illness on those around you. Vulnerable to dogs, the color red, and Shinto purification rituals.
2589. Houri Physiology,4.8
#You are a houri, one of the lovely-eyed companions of Islamic paradise - eternally youthful, beautiful beyond mortal description, and possessing an otherworldly purity. Your beauty is so great that it passively charms those who gaze upon you, and your presence radiates paradise itself.
2590. Huldra Physiology,4.4
#European Folklore - You are a huldra, a Scandinavian fairy of the forest with the beautiful front of a young woman and the hollow, bark-covered back of an old tree, tail and all. You possess enchanting allure that seduces mortals, control over forest creatures, and fae nature. Vulnerable to cold steel and holy relics, and you cannot fully hide your tail.
2591. Huma Physiology,6.3
#You are the Huma, the Persian bird of paradise, a divine legendary bird that flies invisibly high above the earth and never touches the ground. You embody both male and female in one body, and your shadow falling upon someone grants them kingship or great fortune. You cannot touch the earth, however - flight is your only home.
2592. Human Anatomy Replication,2.5
#You possess a human-like body structure despite not being human - opposable thumbs, upright posture, expressive face, the works. Grants the dexterity and adaptability of humanity without the need to actually be one.
2593. Human Companionship,3.6
#You form sacred bonds with human companions, drawing strength from the pure friendship and love shared between you. While bonded, you and your human allies grant each other power and resilience, allowing you both to overcome obstacles you could not face alone. Death of a companion is devastating.
2594. Human Hybrid Physiology,3.5
#You are a human hybrid, crossed with at least one other species and inheriting traits from both. You possess human adaptability combined with the unique gifts of your other heritage, though you may be weaker than a pure member of either race.
2595. Human Locomotion Replication,1.5
#You can walk, run and move on two legs like a human despite not being one. Bipedalism unlocked. Surprisingly useful if you happen to be a creature that wasn't built for it.
2596. Human Monster Physiology,5.3
#You are a human-monstrosity, a dark variant of humanity born from rage, experimentation, or corruption. You possess monstrous supernatural powers tied to the worst of the human condition. Reject your humanity entirely and you may become a complete monster, losing yourself to the darkness within.
2597. Magical Human Physiology,5.2
#You are a human born with a natural aptitude for magic, a witch/wizard/mage by blood. Your body handles mana reserves far better than an ordinary human and spellcasting comes as naturally as breathing. With enough study and practice, you can grow into a formidable magician, although anti-magic and magic destruction remain your hard counters.
2598. Superior Human Physiology,5.0
#You are a homo superior, a human that has developed powers through evolution, enhancement, or sheer training. Unlike monstrous transformations, your humanity, sanity, and physique remain fully intact while you manifest your superhuman traits, letting you grow into your powers without losing yourself.
2599. Supernatural Human Physiology,5.4
#You are a supernatural human, a mortal touched by the paranormal. Whether your gifts originate from the divine, spiritual, or mystical, you possess a physiology that goes beyond the mundane. Your powers may only awaken fully after encountering the supernatural, but once awakened you are undeniably more than human.
2600. Transcendent Human Physiology,8.3
#You are a human who has transcended mortal limits to stand beside gods. Despite your mundane origin, your traits have been amplified to godlike levels, granting you nearly unstoppable power while still being counted among humanity. Transcendent weaponry and divine negation can still touch you, and human flaws may linger beneath the divinity.
2601. Human Physiology,0.4
#You are a regular human. That's it. You have all the charm, intelligence, and social ability of a normal Homo sapiens, along with every one of their weaknesses. On the bright side, potential is your middle name.
2602. Human Sapience Replication,2.6
#You can think, emote, and express yourself with full human-level sapience despite not being human. Whether you are an animal, a construct, or something stranger, your intellect and expressiveness rival that of any person.
2603. Human Soul,3.2
#Your soul is that of a human, even though your body belongs to an entirely different species. This grants you human sapience, speech, and various qualities your body would not otherwise possess, though the mismatch between soul and flesh can put you under constant strain.
2604. Humanity Embodiment,8.6
#You are the embodiment of humanity itself, every quality that makes humans human. Love, mercy, creativity, sympathy, independent thought; all of them flow through you as infinite power. At the peak you are omnipotent over humans and everything humanity touches, though an archenemy embodying anti-humanity may still stand against you.
2605. Humanity Retainment,5.7
#Your humanity is locked in place. No matter what you are converted into, no matter what afterlife you pass into, no matter what powers try to strip it away, you remain self-aware, emotionally whole, and undeniably you. Advanced users are practically immune to conversion powers of all kinds except the most absolute.
2606. Humanoid Alien Physiology,4.2
#You possess the body of an extraterrestrial humanoid, human-shaped but with essential differences that set you apart from Earth's natives. The exact traits vary wildly; you could be stronger, longer-lived, psychic, or built on entirely different biochemistry.
2607. Humanoid Animal Physiology,3.3
#You are an anthropomorphic animal, a humanoid beast with human-level sapience fused with animal traits. Unlike shapeshifters, this is simply what you are; no transforming, no turning back.
2608. Humanoid Monster Physiology,3.8
#You possess the body of a monstrous humanoid, an upright horror with a recognizable shape but unmistakably inhuman features. Whether you are a natural species or a human that underwent conversion, your body is built for terror as much as combat.
2609. Humanoid Physiology,1.5
#You have a humanoid body. Two arms, two legs, opposable thumbs, binocular vision, the ability to walk upright and speak. You are not necessarily human, but you are shaped like one.
2610. Humility Embodiment,5.8
#You embody humility itself, selfless and submissive toward all others. Your humble works and quiet actions can be converted into energy, becoming weapons, defenses, or support for allies. Fallen users of Pride Embodiment may still overpower you.
2611. Humility Physiology,3.2
#Allows you to transform into or take on the traits of a Humility, a legendary bird from North American folklore. You gain flaming eyes with extraordinary vision, exceptional reflexes allowing you to dodge bullets, and the ability to perform rapid aerial strikes.
2612. Hunger Empowerment,3.5
#The hungrier you or those around you become, the stronger, faster, and more durable you grow. At peak starvation your physical parameters are multiplied several times over and you may even draw sustenance from hunger itself, slowing your aging. Eating ends the empowerment.
2613. Hungerlessness,3.0
#You have no physical hunger or thirst, you simply do not need to eat or drink to survive or function. You can still eat for enjoyment and gain weight from it, but you will never suffer ill effects from going without food.
2614. Hungry Ghost Physiology,4.2
#You are or can transform into a hungry ghost, the Gaki/Preta of Eastern folklore. You possess an emaciated revenant body with a swollen belly, bony claws, and needle-like hair, able to phase between the living world and the overlapping ring of Hell. You are plagued by an unending hunger for something terrible.
2615. Huo Shu Physiology,3.1
#Allows you to transform into a Huo Shu, a rodent-like yaoguai from Chinese mythology. Your fur is completely incombustible, granting immunity to flames, and you gain enhanced rodent physical traits with a natural affinity for heat.
2616. Hyades Physiology,5.5
#Greek Mythology - You are or can transform into a Hyades Nymph, minor goddesses presiding over the rain. You possess divine physiology with command over rainfall, water, and cloud, and can summon torrential storms at will. Vulnerable to divine slayers and anti-deity abilities.
2617. Hybrid Embodiment,6.2
#You are the embodiment of multiple concepts at once, granting you access to the abilities of each one. You can devour other concepts to add them to your repertoire, but hybridizing conflicting concepts may cause mood swings, instability, or erratic behavior.
2618. Hybrid Physiology,4.5
#You possess the genetic traits and abilities of two or more different species, inheriting their physiological powers and spiritual bodies. Your power can be far greater than either parent species alone, but you may also inherit their downsides and weaker traits.
2619. Hybrid Soul,4.8
#Your soul is a fusion of more than one type of spirit, granting you the strengths of each while shedding most of their individual limitations. The additional souls may manifest as separate personalities or aspects of yours, and you may need to negotiate with them.
2620. Hydra Physiology,5.7
#Greek Mythology - You are or can transform into the Lernaean Hydra, an ancient serpent-dragon chthonic water beast with multiple heads. For every head cut off, two more grow back, and your breath is so virulently poisonous that even your tracks are lethal. You are vulnerable to fire, which can cauterize your heads and halt regrowth.
2621. Hydro Independence,2.3
#You are an aquatic being that has learned to exist without needing water, or a terrestrial creature that needs water only in small quantities. You can survive and function in arid environments where your kind would normally perish.
2622. Hydroscience,5.2
#You possess complete knowledge of water and everything related to it. Every ocean current, every underground river, every drop of rain, every creature in the depths, you know it all instinctively. You know how water wants to move and behave at a fundamental level, making you an unparalleled expert in anything aquatic.
2623. Hyena Physiology,2.8
#You either are or can transform into a hyena, gaining their bone-crushing jaws, powerful build, and pack instincts. Your bite is strong enough to shatter bones and your laugh is unnerving to all who hear it.
2624. Hyenafolk Physiology,3.3
#You are a hyenafolk, a humanoid hyena of the fantasy sort. You possess enhanced physical abilities, bone-crushing jaws, a keen sense of smell and the pack instincts of your wild counterparts. Your laugh is as intimidating as it is unnerving.
2625. Hyper Aerodynamics,2.6
#Your body is supernaturally aerodynamic, slicing through air with minimal resistance. You move faster, jump farther, and fall slower than you should, all because the wind practically refuses to push against you.
2626. Hyper Experience,5.4
#You possess tremendous amounts of accumulated experience across an unfathomable number of fields and situations, as though you had lived hundreds or even millions of years. No matter your actual age, you carry the instincts of a veteran in almost anything you attempt. Vulnerable to Experience Manipulation and Development Reset.
2627. Hyper Hatching,1.1
#You can incubate and hatch eggs at a dramatically accelerated rate, or if you happen to be born from an egg, you hatch faster than your species normally would. Niche, but useful if you're running a chicken farm.
2628. Hyper Mind,7.4
#Your mind is a hypercomputer. You can process an infinite amount of information simultaneously, run endless parallel calculations, and cross-correlate every variable in any theoretical situation without overload or confusion. Your calculations are only as good as the information you possess, and your biological body may still strain under the load.
2629. Hyper Mountability,2.0
#Your body is built to serve as a mount, with enhanced strength, balance and resilience to carry one or more riders without losing any speed. There is a limit to how many people can pile on before you buckle.
2630. Hyper Movability,0.6
#You are extremely easy to physically move around by external forces. On the bright side you are never stuck in place; on the downside any enemy can knock you halfway across the room with a flick.
2631. Hyper Profession,3.8
#You have worked in a staggering number of different professions across nearly every field and location imaginable. Doctor, welder, chef, assassin, notary - you've done them all. Having held a job does not necessarily mean you were good at it though.
2632. Hyper Purity,3.0
#Your body cannot be mixed with or contaminated by other substances, the way water refuses to mix with oil. Poisons, corruption, foreign matter, and spoilage all slide off you harmlessly. May be limited to certain substances.
2633. Hyper Stoppability,0.5
#You are extremely easy to bring to a stop, whether by yourself or by others. You can almost never keep moving when someone wants you to stop, which is exactly as useful in combat as it sounds.
2634. Hyper Weight Distribution,1.4
#Your body weight is perfectly evenly distributed throughout your body, making you appear lighter and nimbler than you actually are. Top-heaviness is a thing of the past and your balance is noticeably better.
2635. Hypercompetence,6.3
#You excel in virtually every field or discipline you touch, intellectual, practical, formal or mundane. Your perceptiveness, precision and efficiency are so absurdly high that whatever you attempt, you do it with flawless accuracy and an impact that defies conventional understanding. Talent Theft can still rob you blind.
2636. Hypnosis Empowerment,3.3
#You grow stronger, faster and tougher whenever hypnosis is at play, whether it is being used on you, around you, or by you. With enough of it to feed on, you can unlock related abilities, enhance your existing powers, and even slow your own aging.
2637. Hypnotic Bodily Fluids,3.4
#Your blood, sweat, saliva, tears and other bodily fluids all carry hypnotic properties. Anyone who comes into contact with them becomes suggestible and open to your commands, which makes even a cut or a kiss into a potential trance trigger.
2638. Hystricomorph Physiology,2.6
#You are or can transform into a hystricomorph rodent, the suborder that includes porcupines, capybaras, guinea pigs and chinchillas. Depending on your chosen form you get quills, aquatic chill, fluff, or all of the above.
2639. Ice Cream Mimicry,2.0
#Your body is made of or can transform into ice cream, either maintaining its anatomy or becoming a homogeneous dessert mass. Deeply vulnerable to fire and heat, and you may end up stuck as a specific flavor.
2640. Ice Cream Truck Mimicry,1.3
#You either are or can transform into an ice cream truck. You need fuel to move, coolant to keep your wares cold, and have limited storage capacity, but the jingle plays automatically and children will trust you implicitly.
2641. Ice Embodiment,7.8
#You are the embodiment of ice itself, possessing unparalleled dominion over frost, cold, and everything related to them in your universe. You may even be the source of ice itself, holding supreme control over its every conceivable and inconceivable aspect. Only embodiments of fire and heat truly threaten you.
2642. Ice Empowerment,3.5
#You become stronger, faster, and more durable in the presence of ice, and may unlock new abilities or draw sustenance from cold. Some users even slow or stop their aging in frozen environments, but without ice to draw on you're weakened.
2643. Ice Immunity,2.9
#You are completely immune to ice. Cold cannot freeze you, ice cannot pierce or crush you, and you can handle frozen items without any discomfort. You are essentially a living freezer, though you may be correspondingly vulnerable to heat.
2644. Ice Mimicry,3.6
#Your body is made of or can transform into ice, either retaining anatomy or becoming homogeneous frozen matter. Fire, heat, and magma are highly effective against you, a limb can still be broken off, and salt is a surprisingly mundane weakness.
2645. Ice Symbiosis,4.8
#You host an ice-based entity within your body, an embodiment of frost or ethereal winter being that grants you powerful cryokinetic abilities. The bond comes with a price, your host may try to take over your mind or body, and you inherit its vulnerabilities to fire and heat.
2646. Ichor Properties,6.3
#Your blood has been replaced with ichor, the golden divine fluid of the gods. You possess the magical and transformative properties it carries, granting you a sliver of immortality and an elevated nature that sets you apart from mere mortals. Cutting you spills divinity onto the floor.
2647. Ichthyocentaur Physiology,6.5
#Greek Mythology - You are or can transform into an Ichthyocentaur, a centaurine sea-being with the upper body of a human, the fore-legs of a horse and the tailed lower half of a fish. Only two of these have ever existed, both minor sea gods, making you the third ever to walk the shores.
2648. Icon Mimicry,4.6
#You are or can transform into an icon, a living symbol, picture, or representation of a concept. Your powers wildly depend on what you represent, an advertisement mascot would have marketing-level persuasion, a religious icon could channel faith, an emoji could inflict whatever emotion it depicts. Roll the dice on what you end up being.
2649. Id Embodiment,6.2
#You are the shoulder devil incarnate, the unfiltered wants and desires of the subconscious mind given form. You can whisper suggestions into people's minds that tug on their basest instincts, the more repressed the target the more influence you hold. You cannot outright control people but you can nudge them toward doing what they secretly already want.
2650. Idea Embodiment,7.4
#You are the living concept of ideas itself, every spontaneous thought, every flash of inspiration, every eureka moment across existence flows through you. You have near-limitless control over any and all ideas, being able to spread them, erase them, manifest them, or even steal them from people's heads before they think them. Weak against Inspiration Negation.
2651. Identical Kinship,3.2
#You are your own ancestor and your own descendant, through time travel, self-parenting, or ontological shenanigans the family tree loops back into itself. Mostly a curiosity unless you have other time-related powers to exploit it with, and you may suffer the genetic consequences of extreme inbreeding.
2652. Ignorant Immortality,5.8
#You are immortal purely because you do not understand the concept of death. You cannot die at the existential level until someone successfully teaches you what death even is. A strange and fragile form of immortality, anyone who explains mortality to you with sufficient clarity removes the protection and leaves you perfectly killable.
2653. Ignorant Limitation Transcendence,7.3
#You transcend the laws of reality, logic and physics purely by virtue of being too stupid or crazy to understand that they apply to you. Feats that should be impossible happen anyway, specifically because you don't know they shouldn't. Restoring your sanity or educating you on physics will immediately cause the power to fail, and you can be tricked into hurting yourself just as easily as you can achieve the miraculous.
2654. Iguanodon Physiology,3.1
#You possess the physiology of an Iguanodon, allowing you to partially or fully transform into the herbivorous dinosaur. You gain enhanced physical strength, tough hide, and a wicked thumb spike that can punch through predators. Decent but not as impressive as the carnivore forms.
2655. Illusion Awareness,4.8
#You are completely aware of true reality at all times, seeing through any environmental, sensory, or mental illusion anyone attempts to deceive you with. You can also perceive illusions others are experiencing and even step into them yourself without losing your anchor to what is real. Absolute Illusions may still trick you, and True Illusions make immunity the least of your problems.
2656. Illusion Embodiment,7.8
#You are the living embodiment of illusion itself. Every hallucination, mirage, and false perception across reality bends to your will. You do not cast illusions so much as decide what counts as one, making truth and lie interchangeable in your presence.
2657. Illusion Empowerment,3.2
#Your body and abilities are strengthened when in contact with illusions or illusory power. The stronger the illusion around you, the faster, tougher, and more potent you become. You may even draw sustenance from hallucinations, forgoing normal food in illusion-rich environments.
2658. Illusion Physiology,5.4
#Your body is made of illusion itself, a construct of light and perception rather than flesh. Physical attacks pass through you unless you choose to solidify, and your form is fluid, able to shift appearance at will. Vulnerable to Illusion Negation and those with Illusion Awareness who will always see through your form.
2659. Illusionary Perfection,6.3
#You appear utterly flawless in one or more specific fields, near-perfect in skill and presence to all who observe you. In truth, you are only mimicking perfection, and a being of true flawlessness or a cunning enough opponent can find the cracks. Still, near-perfection is more than enough to dominate most of existence.
2660. Illusory Power Link,4.2
#Your illusory nature is fused with your powers, meaning every ability you have is fueled and amplified by hallucination. This makes your powers flexible and deceptive, but if your illusory core becomes unstable, your abilities go haywire.
2661. Illusory Symbiosis,4.6
#You share a symbiotic bond with an illusory entity, an optical phenomenon or hallucinatory being that grants you significant illusion-based abilities. The entity may have its own will, and strong ones may try to take over your body or mind if you slip.
2662. Imaginary Physiology,3.2
#Your body is the product of someone's imagination, granting you a form as malleable and fantastical as whoever dreamed you up. Your sway over the real world may be limited and you are subject to the whims of your imaginer, but you can be reshaped or repaired by pure belief.
2663. Imagination Empowerment,4.1
#You grow stronger, faster and more durable the more you or others imagine you being so. The wilder the daydreams fueling you, the more your existing abilities are enhanced and new ones unlocked. A boring mind will leave you a boring person.
2664. Imagination Power Link,4.8
#Your imagination is directly linked to your powers, such that the vividness of your fantasies fuels and amplifies everything else you can do. A wild mind makes your abilities soar, while an unstable one sends them out of control.
2665. Imaginative Condition,8.1
#Your entire condition, body, mind and spirit, is shaped by your imagination. You can imbue yourself with any quality you can picture, becoming strong enough to tear holes through reality or fast enough to reach infinite speed. You cannot affect your surroundings directly, only yourself, but what you can do to yourself is all but unbound by logic.
2666. Immobility,3.6
#You can never be moved by any external physical force, though you can freely position yourself. The ground may still be ripped out from under you and sufficiently absolute strength can still shift you, but short of that you are quantum-locked in place.
2667. Immortal Aging,3.5
#You are immortal and will never die, but you still age normally, just without any of the downsides. No frailty, no stiff joints, no declining mind. You could be ninety years old and still play sports at peak human level, looking every bit your age but performing like a prime athlete.
2668. Immortal Rebirth,4.5
#When you die, you are immediately reborn as a child, carrying your memories forward into a new life. Your new body may or may not resemble your old one, and instead of being born you may simply appear or grow back from nothing. You still age normally between deaths.
2669. Immortal Sleep,3.8
#You are eternal and indestructible, but only while asleep or in hibernation. While dormant your age is frozen and your body is immune to all physical harm, but the moment you wake up you become as vulnerable as anyone else.
2670. Absolute Immortality,9.7
#You are absolutely immortal. You cannot die, age, sicken, or be permanently wounded. Your mind and soul are as eternal as your body, immune to mental and spiritual damage alike. Blow you up, disintegrate you, erase you from existence entirely, and you will still return. You have transcended the concept of death itself, an Immortality-Aspect of Omnipotence.
2671. Nigh-Absolute Immortality,8.6
#You do not age, heal from virtually any wound and have an eternal lifespan. Only a handful of things in existence can actually end you, such as absolute erasure, authorities of death or dedicated immortal slayers. Everything else just inconveniences you.
2672. Absolute Immune System,8.0
#Your immune system is without limit or equal. No poison, drug, contaminant or disease can so much as slow you down, and this immunity cannot be stripped, bypassed or negated by any means. You could drink hemlock like water forever.
2673. Enhanced Immune System,2.8
#Your immune system is beyond the peak of your species, granting near-total immunity to diseases, pathogens and toxins that would floor a normal human. You essentially never get sick and shrug off poisons that would hospitalize others.
2674. Supernatural Immune System,4.0
#Your immune system is blatantly, unnaturally stronger than anything else in your universe, rendering you immune to all manner of contaminants, pathogens and diseases. Biological warfare is a non-issue for you.
2675. Peak Human Immune System,1.6
#Your immune system is at the absolute pinnacle of natural human potential. You resist poisons, pathogens and drugs better than almost anyone and recover from most ailments in a fraction of the usual time, but you're still mortal and can still get sick.
2676. Immunity Empowerment,4.3
#You grow stronger, faster and more durable the more immunities you possess or are exposed to, potentially unlocking new abilities tied to those affinities. Some users can even draw sustenance or slowed aging from their immunities.
2677. Immunity,4.0
#You are completely immune to something, whether it be a specific power, a concept, an idea, a disease or anything else. Rarity of the entry scales with what you picked, though clever opponents may still find workarounds that don't directly rely on what you're immune to.
2678. Impact Immunity,5.8
#You are immune to impact forces, no matter how powerful. Falls from orbit, being crushed under debris, strikes from impossibly strong opponents - none of it injures you. Raw power beyond your tier and Immunity Bypassing are the main ways around it.
2679. Imperfection Embodiment,8.9
#You are the universal personification of every imperfection, flaw and irregularity in existence. Living beings, objects, physical laws and even emotions all have their flaws, and you embody and control every one of them. Only the truly flawless - omnipotent beings, users of Perfection, Absolute Invincibility - stand apart from your touch.
2680. Imperfection Immunity,3.4
#You are immune to all surface-level imperfections on your body - no blemishes, freckles, marks, moles, scars, tattoos, cuts, wounds or stains can stick. If you gained this after birth, every existing flaw is wiped away. Your internal organs are still vulnerable though.
2681. Implausible Mobility,4.2
#You can move, attack and act using body parts that should never work as limbs - your eyes, eyebrows, eyelashes, lips, ears, nose, wrinkles, even bruises and skin conditions. Balance, gravity and mass still apply, and you may want Enhanced Durability to avoid tearing parts of yourself off in the process.
2682. Impossible State Survival,6.3
#You remain alive and fully conscious even in states where life should be impossible. Turned into a chair, melted into a puddle, flattened into a portrait — your life-force and mind persist intact, and you can often still think, sense, and act within the limits of your new form. Returning to normal usually needs outside help.
2683. Inanimate Object Dragon Physiology,5.4
#You are or can transform into a dragon made of inanimate matter — stone, glass, paper, metal, whatever suits you. You retain full dragon physiology in this form, with all the power and fury that implies, plus the properties of your chosen material.
2684. Inanimate Object Monster Physiology,5.0
#You are or can transform into a monstrous being made of some inanimate object, gaining supernatural powers tied to whatever material you embody. A clock-monster, a doll-monster, a chair-monster — each comes with its own thematic abilities and its own thematic weaknesses.
2685. Inaudibility,2.9
#You can be completely silent, or selectively audible only to people you choose. With training you can extend this silence to the area around you. Being unheard in a fire or emergency can work against you as much as for you.
2686. Incisive Appendages,3.5
#Your limbs cut, pierce and slash as if they were bladed weapons, whether through sheer focused force or by transforming outright into edges. A careless touch can slice flesh and bone. Cutting Immunity may be required to avoid hurting yourself.
2687. Incomprehensible Form,6.8
#Your true form and true power cannot be perceived or understood by ordinary senses. Anyone who tries is driven to terror or madness, their mind recoiling from a shape it cannot process. Users of Clear Sight may still see you clearly, and Incomprehension Negation poses a threat.
2688. Incorporeal Form,5.7
#You possess an incorporeal body — gas, energy, spirit, or some stranger substance — free from the constraints of matter. You interact with both physical and non-physical realms as a phantom-like being, untouchable by most mundane threats. Weak against Non-Physical Interaction and Non-Corporeal Slicing.
2689. Incubus Physiology,3.6
#You are an incubus, a male demon of seduction. You possess supernatural beauty, enhanced physicals, and magical aptitude for illusions and mental manipulation. Your powers grow stronger through romantic and sexual encounters. Vulnerable to holy powers and users of Chastity Embodiment.
2690. Indivisibility,5.7
#You cannot be divided. Your body cannot lose limbs, be cut apart, vaporized, or suffer joint dislocations. Your joints themselves are bound by a force that keeps the body unified no matter what is done to it. You may still be vulnerable to Essence Dispersal or Dissolution.
2691. Indomitable Belief,4.0
#Your belief in yourself, in others, or in an ideal is absolutely unshakable. Not mere confidence, but a transcendent conviction that grows stronger the harder adversity tries to break it. It inspires those around you, turns obstacles into fuel, and allows you to endure impossible hardships. Misplaced faith can still lead you astray, however.
2692. Indomitable Compassion,3.8
#Your compassion is boundless and unbreakable. You feel for the suffering of others on a profound level, and your warmth forms meaningful bonds wherever you go, inspiring allies to push past their limits. However, your kindness may leave you open to manipulation by those who would exploit it.
2693. Indomitable Courage,3.5
#Your courage is powerful enough to suppress even overwhelming fear. You can act and react normally in the face of death, combat, disaster, or horror itself, drawing upon superhuman reserves of bravery when it matters most. Does not grant immunity to Fear Inducement at higher levels.
2694. Indomitable Emotions,4.6
#Your emotions are indomitably powerful, granting you total immunity to Emotion Negation, Emotion Removal, Apathy, and all but the strongest forms of Emotion Manipulation. You can face immense psychological trauma and physical pain and refuse to surrender to despair. Certain emotions like fear or rage may still turn against you if uncontrolled.
2695. Indomitable Envy,3.7
#Your envy is an endless and consuming force, an ugly longing for everything others possess. This jealousy drives you to go to any lengths to claim what you desire, and the sheer intensity of it becomes a dangerous source of strength. May lead to your downfall if it takes over your mind.
2696. Indomitable Evil,4.1
#Your evil is absolute and unyielding. You will remain a villain until the very end, completely willing to inflict suffering and misery on anyone for any reason, from those who wronged you to those who simply happened to be there. Cosmic forces that punish wickedness may take notice of you.
2697. Indomitable Excitement,4.5
#Your excitement is endless and infectious. The world never grows stale to you, and every moment feels as fresh as the first. This exhilaration projects outward: colors seem brighter, pain feels duller, and allies near you have their courage and stamina bolstered to unbreakable levels.
2698. Indomitable Fear,4.0
#Your fear is all-consuming, but instead of paralyzing you it transforms into an unstoppable force. Terror fuels you with relentless urgency and desperate strength, pushing your body and instincts far beyond their normal limits. Without proper control your fear may blind you to reality and make you unable to think clearly.
2699. Indomitable Gluttony,3.6
#Your hunger is endless and ever-growing. You will always desire more food and drink beyond what any normal body could consume, and you will go to desperate and violent lengths to satisfy it. Poison is your greatest weakness unless your body has also adapted to become immune.
2700. Indomitable Happiness,4.3
#Your joy is endless and ever-growing, a positive force so strong it can push you through physical pain and psychological trauma and even death itself. You will never stop smiling. May make you seem insensitive to others around you, and you are still vulnerable to high-end emotion manipulators.
2701. Indomitable Hatred,4.2
#Your hatred is an unbreakable, malevolent force. It drives you with an urge to eradicate all you despise and to inflict pain on others, becoming a dark source of inner strength. If uncontrolled, it can make you prone to petty and illogical decisions that sabotage yourself in pursuit of your targets.
2702. Indomitable Heroism,4.7
#Your heroism is absolute and unwavering. You are devoted to protecting the world until the very end, and you inspire the hearts and minds of everyone around you. You fearlessly face any danger, take any burden, and bear the mantle of leader, rescuer, and symbol. You will never fall from grace.
2703. Indomitable Honor,4.0
#Your honor is unbreakable, an adherence to what is right that no bribe, threat, or temptation can erode. Your esteem and dignity are held to a standard few can match. Dishonorable methods are never an option, which may be exploited in a world where chivalry is dead.
2704. Indomitable Hope,4.1
#Your hope is boundless and aspirational, a determined longing that allows you to overcome impossible odds for the sake of your dreams. Your inclinations and determination are ever-growing, making you the last one to give up even when every other soul has fallen to despair.
2705. Indomitable Humility,3.9
#Your humility is unbreakable. You always think of others before yourself, and your modesty puts both narcissism and self-loathing to shame. You are immune to the seductions of ego and pride, giving you a balanced and unshakeable view of your own self-worth. May be easy to betray.
2706. Indomitable Libido,3.8
#(Nsfw) Your libido is inexhaustible, an unrestrained sexual appetite that grants you incredible stamina, heightened allure, and an endless capacity for pleasure. Every fiber of your being is fueled by desire, and your magnetism draws partners to you effortlessly. Lack of indulgence may leave you frustrated and unfocused.
2707. Indomitable Love,5.2
#Your love is absolute, a force so pure and resolute it shapes destiny itself and bends cruel worlds toward hope. It is your shield and sword, letting you protect those you hold dear with an impenetrable devotion that no hardship or malevolence can erode. Love may still blind you to reality.
2708. Indomitable Loyalty,4.0
#Your loyalty to those you hold dear is utterly unbreakable. You will never betray or abandon your bonds, enduring any hardship and making any sacrifice for them. Your devotion extends to your chosen cause, person, or group, and can inspire the same in others. May be exploited by mental manipulators forcing loyalty dilemmas.
2709. Indomitable Lust,4.2
#Your lust is insatiable, an all-consuming hunger that transcends mere carnal desire to include power, knowledge, pleasure, and conquest. Pain, fatigue, and fear become distant noise in the face of your craving. It burns endlessly within you, driving you forward without rest. May deteriorate your relationships.
2710. Indomitable Nature,5.8
#Your very nature is indomitable. You are nearly impossible to subdue, overcome, or vanquish, whether the assault is physical, mental, emotional, or spiritual. This indomitability is woven into your being itself, letting you push past all your own limits and resist any force that tries to break you. Does not grant Immortality or Invulnerability.
2711. Indomitable Pride,3.8
#Your pride is indomitable, a deep satisfaction in your own achievements and qualities that cannot be shaken. This pride grants you confidence, presence, and the intimate strength that comes from valuing yourself. However it may make you prone to arrogance and cause you to dangerously underestimate your opponents.
2712. Indomitable Rage,4.3
#Your rage is endless and escalating, an unquenchable fury that grants you unparalleled strength and ferocity in battle. You are immune to pacification and cannot be calmed. Through your wrath you shrug off pain and trauma that would kill a normal person. Uncontrolled, your rage will render you a feral berserker with no rational thought.
2713. Indomitable Sadness,3.9
#Your sorrow is profound and eternal, a grief so deep that it becomes inseparable from your being. Yet rather than breaking you, the sheer weight of your sadness forges resilience within you, giving you a strength born from emotional suffering. Uncontrolled melancholy may cause hopelessness and decreased self-preservation.
2714. Indomitable Sexuality,4.0
#(Nsfw) You are the embodiment of sexuality itself. Your libido is inexhaustible, your allure irresistible, and you experience and express every form of sexual energy with flawless intensity. It is not something you have but what you are, etched into biology, soul, and every thought. May be impossible to suppress when you want to.
2715. Indomitable Sloth,3.4
#Your sloth is endless and unshakable. You have no drive to work, exert yourself, or expend energy for anything, and this apathy insulates you from stress, obligation, and effort-based manipulations. However, you may genuinely lack the motivation to act even in life-threatening situations, making you an easy target.
2716. Indomitable Will,7.4
#Your willpower is an unbreakable force, allowing you to endure any amount of physical pain and psychological torment without surrendering. No matter how dire the situation, you refuse to yield, pushing past your limits and even cheating death and fate itself. At sufficient levels, you become immune to all forms of temptation, subordination and mental manipulation, as your resolve simply cannot be bent by anything short of overwhelming conceptual force.
2717. Indulgent Activity,6.2
#Dragon Ball Super - Your body and soul grow stronger the more you enjoy what you are doing, particularly combat. The more hits you take, the more you lose, the more of a thrill you feel, the more your physical stats and energy swell. Even if you should be broken emotionally, the sheer indulgence of the act keeps you climbing higher. This is the same principle that fuels Ultra Ego.
2718. Indus Worm Physiology,4.2
#Allows you to transform into the Skōlex, the legendary giant carnivorous worm said to inhabit the Indus River in ancient Greek writings. In this form you possess colossal size, crushing strength, and the ability to drag prey underwater. You can be controlled by Monster and Worm manipulators, however.
2719. Industrial Adaptation,2.6
#You are perfectly adapted to surviving in industrial environments such as refineries, factories, mines and power plants. Pollution, chemical fumes, heavy metals and stray electrical currents do nothing to you, allowing you to walk through toxic waste or grab a live wire without flinching.
2720. Inertia Immunity,4.8
#You are completely immune to inertia, the resistance of matter to changes in motion or rest. You can move at incredible speeds without being pulped by g-forces, start and stop on a dime, and never suffer whiplash, internal bleeding, or any of the usual consequences of violating Newton's first law.
2721. Inertia Independence,4.4
#You can function as if inertia applied to you normally, even when it doesn't. Normally an inertialess being would fail to land meaningful attacks or jumps since any force would stop them instantly, but you move, strike and leap with full effective momentum regardless of your actual state.
2722. Inertia Protection,4.7
#You are protected from anything with inertia, meaning that physical impacts lose all their force the moment they touch you. A bullet, a punch, a falling meteor, all die on your skin because their momentum simply terminates on contact. You may still be vulnerable to internal damage and non-inertial forms of energy.
2723. Inertial Assistance,5.2
#Your body naturally generates counteractive forces that offset your mass and inertia, no matter how heavy you become. Even if you weighed as much as a planet or infinitely, these forces would keep you as nimble as a normal person, letting you walk on ordinary ground without breaking it and move freely despite your impossible bulk.
2724. Inertial Frame Adaptation,4.1
#You are adapted to fictitious forces and inertial frame effects, meaning things like centrifugal force and sudden acceleration never throw you off. You can stand comfortably in a spinning centrifuge or a car that brakes at 200mph without being affected. Regular forces like gravity still push on you normally, though.
2725. Inertialess Body,5.0
#Your body has little to no inertia, granting you semi-invulnerability as attacks lose all their force the instant they touch you. You can accelerate and change direction instantaneously, and outside forces cannot easily push you around. On the flip side, you need constant force to move or attack at all, and this can become taxing.
2726. Inertialess Maneuverability,4.4
#Your maneuverability is as absurd as if you had no inertia, letting you start, stop, pivot and spin at incredible speeds without any momentum dragging on you. This applies to both linear and rotational motion, allowing for absurd aerial combat and dodging, though your reflexes may struggle to keep up with your own body.
2727. Inevitability Embodiment,8.4
#You are the living embodiment of inevitability, the things that are constant and unchangeable. Whatever you declare must be, will be. You enforce cosmic certainty, doom that cannot be outrun, and outcomes that cannot be stopped. However, you are bound by the rules you enforce, and clever targets who find a loophole are untouchable to you.
2728. Infected Arm,4.0
#One of your arms has been infected by some monstrous experiment, virus, or otherworldly creature, granting it abilities based on whatever tainted it. You might be able to form organic constructs, gain enormous strength, or produce horrific biological weapons from that limb. The infection is painful for a long time and can cause blurred vision and color distortion until you get used to it.
2729. Infestation Rejection,2.6
#You are immune to parasitic infection and can actively expel parasites from your own body or others. In some cases, your body itself is toxic to parasites, killing anything that tries to burrow into you.
2730. Infinite Digestive System,4.1
#Your stomach and digestive system can process any matter of any size or shape without harm. You can eat a car, a mountain, or a bonfire and feel fine afterwards, and with practice you can even store things inside and spit them back out later. You may still gain weight though.
2731. Infinite Energy,6.2
#You possess an unlimited source of energy that never runs dry, fueling any attack, technique or feat that requires energy. The source can supply any form, from electrical to kinetic to life energy, though losing control can overload you or devastate your surroundings. Counterable by Infinity Negation.
2732. Infinite Experience,8.6
#You have personally experienced and done literally everything there is to do. Every job, every skill, every life, every power, every location. Nothing can surprise you because you have already been there and done that countless times over, granting you unparalleled insight into any situation you find yourself in.
2733. Infinite Resurrection,7.8
#You endlessly resurrect after death, regardless of cause or method, always returning in perfect condition. You can still be injured and suffer normally, and sufficiently powerful erasure abilities can still permanently remove you from existence, but short of that nothing can keep you dead.
2734. Infinity Embodiment,9.2
#You are the physical personification of infinity itself. All boundless aspects, all endless quantities, all limitless concepts bow to your will. Whatever you touch becomes without end, and your very existence transcends any notion of a cap or ceiling.
2735. Influential Presence,5.4
#Your mere presence warps the surrounding area, generating a field centered on you that causes strange effects based on your nature. Weather may shift, powers may fade, hostility or wonder may bloom in those nearby. The downside is that your presence becomes a beacon to anyone with aura detection unless you learn to suppress it.
2736. Infra-Sound Hearing,2.7
#You can hear infrasound below the normal human range, allowing you to sense incoming earthquakes, volcanic activity and other natural disasters. You can also hear machines starting to malfunction before anyone else notices.
2737. Infrared Capacitor,3.2
#Your body acts as a living infrared battery, absorbing infrared radiation and storing it for later use. The stored energy can be channeled freely into whatever purpose you see fit.
2739. Initial Movement Sense,4.0
#Allows you to sense the initial movements of people and objects and predict the path they will follow through on. Can be feinted by targets able to change course after committing, and outside forces can disrupt the predicted path.
2740. Injury Immunity,7.4
#You cannot be affected by physical harm, though you can still be harmed. A stab to a vital organ may make a hole in you, but it will not stop your body from working perfectly. You can still be mechanically hampered by dismemberment and extreme destruction like total incineration can still kill you.
2741. Ink Mimicry,4.3
#Your body is made of ink, or can transform into it fully. You can shift between liquid, paste, and solid ink roughly as hard as soft stone, reshape yourself, and change color at will. Water is a notable weakness.
2742. Inkanyamba Physiology,5.4
#You are or can transform into an Inkanyamba, the legendary African serpent of waterfall lakes. In this form you possess the traits of a massive eel-serpent, can ascend into the sky as a tornado, and your moods shape seasonal storms around you.
2743. Inner Balance,6.6
#You have attained perfect harmony with every aspect of your being — mind, body, spirit and all else converging into one still center. You are immune to all forms of imbalance and can even channel your most unstable qualities as power, unlocking a wide array of supernatural abilities tied to your higher, true self. Falling from this state is catastrophic.
2744. Inner Beast Empowerment,4.9
#Your inner beast makes you stronger, faster, and more durable, unlocking abilities tied to its affinity and enhancing those you already possess. Some users can even draw sustenance from the beast or slow their aging, though you risk losing your senses and running wild.
2745. Inner Beast Symbiosis,5.2
#You host an inner beast within yourself in a symbiotic bond, able to harness its powers, communicate with it, and negotiate favors in exchange for its cooperation. With enough effort you can give your beast a form through your own body or energy, though the risk of being possessed never fully goes away.
2746. Inner Beast,4.7
#You possess an inner beast, an innate creature residing within you that grants great strength, power and ferocity. The beast's nature is uniquely bound to your own characteristics and experiences, manifesting as anything from a single tame companion to a pack of wild monsters waiting to be unleashed.
2747. Inner Being Empowerment,4.6
#Your inner being makes you stronger, faster and more durable, granting you new abilities tied to its affinity while enhancing whatever powers you already possess. Depending on the being, you may even draw sustenance from it or slow your aging considerably.
2748. Inner Being Symbiosis,5.1
#You share a symbiotic relationship with your inner being, housing an innate entity within yourself whose powers and attributes you can channel freely. The bond runs deep enough that you can negotiate favors and trade strengths, though possession is always a lurking risk.
2749. Inner Being,4.8
#You possess an inner being, an intrinsic entity dwelling within you that embodies your true self and grants immense strength and potential. You can converse with it to draw on its wisdom or channel its energies, though accessing it at all can be very difficult without meditation.
2750. Inner Dragon Physiology,6.1
#You possess the physiology of your own personal inner dragon, a draconic creature woven into your very essence. Its form is a perfect reflection of your nature, individuality and the ideal concept of a dragon, making you a one-of-a-kind wyrm under your complete control.
2751. Inner God,8.9
#You possess an inner entity of infinite power and knowledge dwelling within your soul, mind and body. It has no desires of its own and instead identifies completely with yours, granting you whatever knowledge, enhancement, or ability best suits your immediate goals. It is fiercely protective of you and will spontaneously empower you in times of need, making you effectively untouchable as long as it remains content.
2752. Inner Self,4.5
#You possess an inner self, an intrinsic blend of emotional and spiritual essence that manifests as a personal embodiment of your attributes, ambitions, beliefs, fears and memories. It serves as your inner compass, unfazed by conventional notions of good or bad, and guides you through your inner journey. You may need to meditate to open the passage between you and it.
2753. Inner Source,4.8
#You possess an inner source deeply intertwined with your essence, a quintessential personal wellspring of energy and latent potential that empowers everything you do. It may manifest as an inner entity, an inner force, or even an entire inner world, but its purpose is always to grant you a unique connection to your extraordinary capabilities. Could potentially be stolen from you.
2754. Inner Wellspring,5.5
#You possess a vast inner wellspring, a boundless reservoir of life, power and magic rooted deep within your being. This wellspring is a source of infinite vitality, strength and resilience that you can tap into and direct as needed. In some cases you yourself are the wellspring, existing as the very source the power flows from.
2755. Inner World,5.8
#You possess an inner world, an esoteric metaphysical dimension within you shaped by your thoughts, emotions, memories, beliefs and desires. This inner reality is full of wonders and dangers that reflect your nature and can influence both you and itself. Some users never achieve full mastery over their own inner world, and it is vulnerable to those who can manipulate such domains.
2756. Innervation Immunity,2.6
#You are immune to any effect that would deprive you of your sense of touch. Numbing drugs, nerve attacks and touch-based sensory removal simply do not work on you.
2757. Inodorosity,2.2
#Your body produces no discernible scent at all, allowing you to easily evade bloodhounds, enhanced smell users and any scent-based tracking. You may not be able to turn the ability off, so expect to smell like absolutely nothing forever.
2758. Inorganic Empowerment,4.0
#Allows you to become stronger, faster and more durable when you come in contact with inorganic materials, possibly unlocking related abilities or drawing sustenance from them. Overuse may lead to dependency or outright addiction to the material.
2759. Insanity Empowerment,4.0
#You grow stronger, faster and more durable the more insanity surrounds you, whether it is your own or someone else's. The madder the situation, the more you thrive, with high enough levels of insanity even unlocking new abilities and slowing your aging to a crawl.
2760. Insect Dragon Physiology,5.7
#You are an Insect Dragon, a dragon whose physical form resembles insects and shares their abilities. If you take after an ant, you can spit acid and carry many times your weight; if you take after a beetle, your chitinous armor is nigh impenetrable; if you take after a mantis, your scything arms can cleave steel.
2761. Insect Physiology,3.6
#You are an insect or can transform into one, whether that be a cockroach, beetle, mantis, fly or any other variety. You gain the traits of the insect you become, including their strengths and weaknesses. Hope you're not afraid of cold weather or bug spray.
2763. Insectoid Physiology,4.3
#You are an insectoid, a humanoid with the traits and appearance of an insect or arachnid. Your exact features depend on which bug you resemble, but you possess the enhanced strength, durability, agility and senses of your chosen form, along with its natural weapons and natural weaknesses.
2764. Insecurity Embodiment,5.0
#You are the manifestation of insecurity itself, existing primarily on the mental or psychic plane as a living concept. You are intangible to most, but your presence alone induces crippling insecurity in anyone who perceives you, and you embody every gnawing doubt that has ever plagued a sentient mind. You may or may not be aware that you aren't a real person.
2765. Instant Kill Immunity,5.2
#You are immune to instant kills, any attack that relies on an instantaneous nature to take you down will fail regardless of its raw power. Does not protect you from being ground down through normal damage, and immunity bypassing abilities still work.
2766. Instructive Muscle Memory,4.2
#You can copy any movement or physical action after indirect observation, whether by hearing instructions, reading a manual, or watching a video. Acrobatics, martial arts, dexterous crafts, your body takes the instruction and performs it flawlessly. Cannot mimic superpowers and only extends to what your body is physically capable of achieving.
2767. Intangibility Immunity,4.6
#You are immune to intangibility and intangible attacks, ghosts and phasers cannot pass through you or harm you with insubstantial strikes. In return, you can harm them as easily as any solid being. Weak against ultimate intangibility and the usual immunity bypassing.
2768. Intangible Bodily Fluids,2.8
#Your bodily fluids, blood, sweat, saliva, tears, are intangible, passing harmlessly through solid matter. Difficult to bleed you dry when your blood slides through any container, though maintaining the property may require a specific diet or lifestyle.
2769. Intangible Tears,1.2
#Your tears are intangible, they phase through your face as they fall and never wet the shirt of whoever is comforting you. A curious oddity, utterly useless unless you find a very creative application.
2770. Intelligence Infinitum,7.8
#Your intellect grows without limit, increasing moment by moment with no ceiling in sight. Given enough time to think, there is no problem you cannot solve, no concept you cannot comprehend. Weak to Infinity Negation and Downgrading, and some growth may require specific conditions to be met.
2771. Absolute Intelligence,8.6
#Your intellectual faculties transcend every sentient being in the verse. Flawless memory, unparalleled foresight, unlimited concentration, instant comprehension of anything you encounter and a mind capable of producing ideas no other being could ever conceive. You are not omniscient, however, so your plans and inventions can still go awry against the unknown.
2772. Enhanced Intelligence,3.8
#Your intellect is far beyond that of an ordinary human, allowing you to memorize and process vast amounts of information at phenomenal speed. You can apply this to science, engineering, strategy, art, and combat, predicting enemy movements through pure logic. Those with Supernatural or Absolute Intelligence can still outwit you.
2773. Supernatural Intelligence,6.2
#Your mind processes information at speeds no ordinary genius could match, simplifying complex systems instantly and generating groundbreaking ideas and technologies with ease. Where others see chaos, you see structure. At this level, isolation from lesser minds is almost unavoidable.
2774. Peak Human Intelligence,2.8
#You possess intelligence at the absolute peak of what a human can achieve, with excellent memory, fast learning and information processing rivalling the greatest real world geniuses. Not superhuman, and you cannot outthink those with enhanced or supernatural intellect, but among ordinary people you stand above all.
2775. Intelligent Regeneration,6.3
#Your healing factor is smart, it does not blindly multiply cells but repairs them to their optimal healthy form, curing tumors and illnesses rather than spreading them. Broken bones set themselves, embedded objects get shifted out of the way, and any birth defects you had are corrected over time. Instant death and complete destruction still apply.
2776. Interaction Symbiosis,6.5
#You are bonded with a fundamental force entity, an embodiment or supernatural being tied to one of the fundamental forces of reality. Through this symbiosis you wield potent force-based abilities, but the entity may attempt to possess you or outright destroy your body if the bond grows unstable.
2777. Interbreeding,2.1
#You are reproductively compatible with any species you choose, your reproductive organs shifting to fit your partner and produce viable fertile offspring. May not extend to truly alien beings, and some unions may draw the wrath of higher powers or produce offspring with unpredictable mutations.
2778. Interexistence,5.8
#You exist and do not exist at the same time. You are physically present and can be remembered, but your existence cannot be recorded, read or identified by any medium. You do not appear in photographs, videos, paintings or books unless inserted as a fictional character. Making yourself known to others, even when you want to, can be difficult.
2779. Internal Force Defiance,3.5
#You can ignore the internal forces acting on your body, letting your limbs and body parts move faster and more precisely than they ever should. You cannot propel your whole body this way, but individual parts can move with uncanny speed and control. Still vulnerable to external forces.
2780. Internal Friction Defiance,3.2
#Your body ignores its own internal friction, meaning your muscles, joints and tendons move without any resistance or wear. This makes your movements smoother, faster and far less taxing than they should be. Other physical forces still affect you normally.
2781. Internal Invulnerability,4.4
#You are immune to any and all internal damage, poisons, ruptures, organ failure, internal bleeding, none of it affects you. Your outside can still be cut, burned and broken, so you will need External Invulnerability if you want to be truly untouchable.
2782. Internal Reinforcement,3.4
#Your internal organs and systems are armored and reinforced, protecting them from rupture, trauma and internal damage. You may still have weak points, and non-mechanical forms of damage like poison or energy attacks can slip past the armor.
2783. Internet Program Physiology,4.3
#Your body is made of living internet program, letting you transform into a forum, a flash game, a script or other digital construct. You can inhabit and travel through networks as data, but you are vulnerable to viruses, crashes and malfunction.
2784. Intimacy Empowerment,3.3
#You grow stronger, faster and more durable through acts of physical and emotional intimacy. Hugs, kisses, cuddling and deeper forms of closeness all fuel your power, potentially unlocking new abilities or slowing your aging. A hermit's nightmare.
2785. Intimidating Glare,1.6
#Your glare alone is enough to intimidate others, making weaker willed individuals flinch, back down or simply avoid you. Does not work if your eyesight is compromised or if the target cannot see your eyes.
2786. Intimidating Voice,1.7
#Your voice is naturally authoritative and frightening, capable of instilling fear in others through speech alone. Whether it is a heavy growl or a shrill command, your words carry weight that shakes lesser wills.
2787. Intoxication Embodiment,5.8
#You are the living embodiment of intoxication, ecstasy and the high. The more you indulge, the stronger you become, riding the urge into new forms of bliss and power. Going cold turkey, however, sends you into crippling withdrawal.
2788. Intuitive Aptitude,5.5
#You possess an innate intuition that lets you grasp the precise mechanisms of anything you encounter, from machines to organisms to cosmic phenomena, without needing formal education. You can still forget things, and some innately illogical truths may remain opaque.
2789. Intuitive Bilingualism,2.0
#You can intuitively speak, understand and read a secondary language in addition to your native one, despite never having formally studied it. Limited to one extra language, and may occasionally fumble niche slang or dialects.
2790. Intuitive Empathy,3.2
#You instinctively absorb the emotions, sensations and perspectives of people around you without any mental filter. This makes you incredibly perceptive and able to slip into another's shoes effortlessly, but crowds are exhausting and other people's trauma bleeds into you like it's your own.
2791. Intuitive Intelligence,4.6
#Your subconscious does the heavy lifting for you. Inventing, planning, theorizing and learning happen beneath the surface without conscious rumination, letting you grasp how things work on instinct alone. You still need external stimulus to point your mind at a problem, and the answers come as gut certainty rather than true understanding.
2792. Inugami Physiology,4.2
#You are or can transform into an Inugami, a dog-god spirit born from a cruel ritual involving a starved and beheaded dog. You are a master of either black magic or white arts depending on your nature, though most Inugami are bound to a master and are vulnerable to those who can control spirits and souls.
2793. Inverse Activity,4.5
#Your movements and attacks work in reverse to the forces acting on you. The more time slows, the faster you move. The stronger gravity, friction or inertia gets, the easier you act. In environments where these properties are entirely absent, however, you become helpless.
2794. Inverted Thermoreceptor,1.1
#You feel cold as hot and hot as cold. A mild annoyance most of the time, though it does mean you can happily lounge in a blizzard while complaining about how stuffy the ice hotel is.
2795. Invisibility Awareness,3.3
#You automatically detect cloaked and invisible targets, seeing them as clearly as anything else. Sneaking past you is nearly impossible, though losing your eyesight would also nullify this power.
2796. Invisible Skin,2.7
#You can turn your skin and soft tissues transparent or entirely invisible, revealing the structures beneath. At full expression you look like a walking skeleton, which is terrifying in combat and awful on a first date. Might be irreversible.
2797. Invitation Bypassing,2.1
#A classic vampire power, you no longer need an invitation to enter someone's home. You can come and go as you please, ignoring the threshold rules that bind lesser creatures of the night.
2798. Ion Empowerment,3.4
#Whenever you come into contact with Ion Force you become stronger, faster and more durable, and your existing abilities are amplified. With enough exposure you may even be able to draw sustenance from ionic sources and slow your aging.
2799. Ionic Capacitor,3.5
#Your body functions as a living battery for ionic energy, absorbing and storing it indefinitely for later use. You can channel the stored energy however you please, whenever you please.
2800. Ionic Mimicry,4.8
#Your body is made of or can fully transform into ionic energy, retaining all your organs and anatomy but now composed of charged particles. You can shift between physical and homogeneous ion forms, channeling the energy through your cells, bones and muscles to fortify your body.
2801. Iron Empowerment,3.2
#When in contact with iron you become stronger, faster, and more durable. Touching large iron sources can even sustain you in place of food and slow your aging, but lose your iron and you lose your edge.
2802. Iron Mimicry,4.3
#Your body is made of iron, or can transform into it at will. You gain immense durability, malleability, and magnetizability, but you also inherit iron's weaknesses, including extreme weight, rusting, and vulnerability to magnetism manipulation.
2803. Irresistible Self,2.3
#You are an irresistible force to yourself, meaning you can always move your own body with ease no matter how heavy you become. Useful if you are a giant or weighed down with armor, but external forces can still push, crush, or mind-control you normally.
2804. Island Mimicry,5.0
#Your body takes on the traits of a living island, your skin becoming soil and stone, your frame hosting forests, streams and wildlife. You gain immense size and durability and can host entire ecosystems on your back.
2805. Isopod Physiology,2.8
#Your body takes on the traits of isopods, granting you a hardened carapace, the ability to curl into a defensive ball, and resistance to underwater pressure. You may need to stay in humid environments and are weakened by temperature extremes.
2806. J'ba Fofi Physiology,4.2
#African Mythology - You either are or can transform into a J'ba Fofi, a giant venomous spider from Congolese folklore that can grow up to the size of a house. You possess immense physical strength, potent venom, and can weave webs strong enough to ensnare large prey between trees. Despite your size, you are still an animal and can die by natural or violent means.
2807. Jörmungandr Physiology,7.8
#Norse Mythology - You either are or can transform into Jörmungandr, the Midgard Serpent, the second child of Loki large enough to encircle the world and bite its own tail. Your physical might rivals that of Thor himself, your venom can poison the sky and sea, and your scales shrug off all but the mightiest of divine weapons. You are a harbinger of Ragnarök given flesh.
2808. Jötunn Physiology,6.6
#Norse Mythology - You either are or can transform into a Jötunn, the god-giants of Norse myth. You possess immense physical abilities on par with the Aesir themselves, mastery over primal elements like frost, fire or stone depending on your lineage, and a natural affinity for ancient magic. You are, however, vulnerable to divine slayers and weapons forged to kill gods.
2809. Jabberwock Physiology,5.8
#You either are or can transform into the Jabberwock of Lewis Carroll's nonsense poem, a dragon-like beast with a terrible bite, dreadful claws, leathery wings and a long scaly neck. You possess immense physical strength, durability beyond most dragons, and a horrific presence that instills dread. If the Vorpal Blade exists in your world, however, your head is one snicker-snack away from rolling.
2810. Jack-in-Irons Physiology,5.2
#Yorkshire Folklore - You either are or can transform into a Jack-in-Irons, a malevolent ghost-giant covered in rattling chains that haunts lonely roads. You wield a spiked club with crushing force, possess the strength of a giant and the unnatural endurance of the restless dead, and the severed heads of your victims hang from your chains as grim trophies. Being evil in nature, you are vulnerable to divine magic and holy relics.
2811. Jackal Physiology,2.3
#You either are or can transform into a jackal, granting you enhanced senses, stamina, pack instincts and a cunning predatory edge. Useful for hunting, scavenging and running through the night.
2812. Jackalope Physiology,2.8
#You either are or can transform into a jackalope, a jackrabbit with antelope horns. You possess enhanced speed, agility and leaping ability, along with a set of sharp horns useful for goring the unwary. Folklore claims jackalopes can mimic human voices, which you may be able to do as well.
2813. Jactitation Absolute,7.4
#You are absolutely immune to any and all forms of immobilization. No power, spell, toxin or technique that stops, slows, paralyzes, petrifies, freezes time around you, or otherwise restricts your movement can affect you. You will always be able to move.
2814. Jactitation,4.6
#You are unaffected by immobility effects such as paralysis, chronokinetic time stops, neurotoxins and other supernatural forms of movement restriction. You may still be bound by physical methods like chains, ropes and shackles, however.
2815. Jaguar Physiology,2.9
#You either are or can transform into a jaguar, granting you enhanced strength, speed, stealth and one of the most powerful bites of any feline, strong enough to crunch through skulls and turtle shells alike.
2816. Jakotsu Baba Physiology,4.1
#Japanese Folklore - You either are or can transform into a Jakotsu Baba, a yokai hag surrounded by snakes, clutching a blue snake in your right hand and a red in your left. You can command the serpents around you to attack, frighten or drive away intruders, and possess the longevity and mysterious presence of an old yokai. As a yokai, you are vulnerable to certain rituals and holy relics.
2817. Jann Physiology,4.6
#Arabic Mythology - You either are or can transform into a jann, the ancestral and weakest form of genie. You are a shapeshifter by nature, capable of taking the forms of whirlwinds, serpents and white camels, and possess minor wish-granting magic. You may, however, be bound to a receptacle such as a lamp, and whoever holds it commands you.
2818. Jatai Physiology,2.7
#Japanese Folklore - You either are or can transform into a Jatai, a yokai that takes the form of a snake-like kimono sash. You can slither, constrict, and strangle sleeping victims who dream of serpents, and are nearly impossible to notice when draped over a pillow.
2819. Jellyfish Physiology,3.2
#You possess the traits of a jellyfish, granting you a boneless body, venomous stinging tendrils, water propulsion, and a degree of transparency. Certain species of jellyfish are even biologically immortal, and you may inherit that quirk as well.
2820. Jenglot Physiology,3.3
#Indonesian Folklore - You either are or can transform into a Jenglot, a tiny deformed humanoid doll-creature. In your natural state you do nothing, but when fed dark magic or blood you can act as a protector, curse enemies, or function as a living good luck charm. Your small size is both an advantage for hiding and a significant physical weakness.
2821. Jersey Devil Physiology,5.1
#North American Folklore - You either are or can transform into the Jersey Devil, a flying biped with cloven hooves, bat-like wings, a goat's head, clawed hands and a forked tail. You possess terrifying speed, flight, supernatural endurance, and a blood-curdling scream that can paralyze lesser beings with fear.
2822. Jet Pack Protrusion,3.0
#You can generate a jet pack directly from your body, mainly for flight but also for sudden bursts of propulsive force. It may still require fuel to power, and can be sabotaged or destroyed if someone gets behind you.
2823. Jet Propulsion Arms,3.6
#MHA-adjacent - Your arms contain built-in ignition systems that emit propulsive energy for high-speed movement and devastating rocket-powered punches. You can fly, dash, and hit with the force of a missile impact, but without proper protection you risk tearing your own arms apart from the recoil.
2824. Jiang Shi Physiology,3.6
#You are a jiang shi, a Chinese hopping vampire. Your body is stiff as a corpse, forcing you to hop rather than walk, but you possess great strength, claws and the ability to drain qi from the living. Vulnerable to peach wood swords, black dog blood and talismans placed on your forehead.
2825. Jigsaw Mimicry,3.0
#Your body can transform, partially or fully, into interlocking jigsaw pieces. In this form you can disassemble and reassemble yourself, shrug off attacks by letting pieces pop off and popping them back in, or rearrange your own shape.
2826. Jikininki Physiology,3.5
#You are a jikininki, a cursed cannibalistic ghost of Japanese folklore that feeds on the dead. You possess ghostly traits, enhanced senses for locating corpses and the ability to manifest at night, but are plagued by an undying hunger and vulnerable to Shinto rites.
2827. Jinmengyo Physiology,2.1
#You are or can transform into a jinmengyo, a Japanese cryptid fish with a human face. You gain aquatic physiology and an unsettling visage that disturbs anyone who sees it.
2828. Jinmenken Physiology,2.2
#You either are or can transform into a jinmenken, a dog with a human face from Japanese urban legend. You possess canine physiology and a presence that unnerves anyone who encounters you at night. Considered an omen of disasters.
2829. Jointlessness,3.2
#Your body lacks joints entirely, yet your limbs remain attached and functional. Every part of you can rotate and bend in any direction, granting absolute flexibility and making you immune to joint locks, grapples and arthropathy.
2830. Jorōgumo Physiology,4.3
#You are or can transform into a jorōgumo, a spider-yokai that can take the form of a seductive woman. You possess the strength and web-spinning of a giant spider, beguiling beauty, and a natural talent for music and performance. Associated with deep pools and waterfall basins.
2831. Jubokko Physiology,4.2
#You are a jubokko, a vampiric tree yokai born from ground soaked in centuries of bloodshed. Your twisted branches can snatch victims and impale them on thorns to drain their blood. Limited in mobility and easily spotted by the defiled earth around your roots, but deadly in ambush.
2832. Jueyuan Physiology,3.3
#You are a jueyuan, a monkey-like creature from Chinese folklore. You possess great strength, speed and the ability to assume human form, along with an unerring sense of smell for finding specific people. Folklore says they kidnap beauties — your instincts may lean similarly primal.
2833. Juice Mimicry,2.5
#Your body can transform into juice, whether a single type or any kind you choose. In this form you flow like liquid, squeeze through small spaces and reform at will, but you can be literally drunk by an unfortunate or unfortunately thirsty enemy.
2834. Jumen Physiology,1.4
#You are a jumen, an extremely ugly humanoid yokai with a grimacing face. Despite your horrendous appearance, you are largely harmless and possess only minor yokai traits. Vulnerable to Shinto rituals.
2835. Jungle Adaptation,2.6
#Your body is perfectly suited to the challenges of the jungle. Disease, poisonous plants, hostile predators and sweltering humidity all trouble you far less than a normal person, and you instinctively know what is safe to eat and where to find shelter.
2836. Justice Embodiment,6.6
#You are the embodiment of justice, fairness and the law. You possess an innate sense for what is right and wrong, and your presence compels order. You cannot interfere with the free will of others, as that would not be just, and your power may scale with the laws of the culture you preside over.
2837. Kaiju Symbiosis,6.2
#You host a gigantic megafauna within yourself, merged through eugenics, spiritual tethering or organ transplant. You gain vast physiological enhancements and esoteric abilities drawn from the kaiju's essence, but the beast's mind and body may try to overtake yours if you grow weak, and stronger titans may destroy you outright.
2838. Kamaitachi Physiology,4.2
#You are a kamaitachi, a weasel yokai with sickle-long claws that rides on whirlwinds. You move at such speeds that you appear as the wind itself, slashing victims with cuts so clean they barely bleed. Legend says you come in threes - one to knock down, one to cut, one to heal the wound.
2839. Kameosa Physiology,2.8
#You are a kameosa, a tsukumogami in the shape of an old cracked jar. You contain an endless amount of water or sake, freely pouring out whatever quantity any thirsty human may desire. Utterly benign, and the life of any party.
2840. Kanedama Physiology,3.6
#You are a kanedama, a money spirit formed from the essence of metal and gold koban coins. You are drawn to the homes of pure-hearted people and despise the corrupted, blessing the former with wealth. Your presence may eventually corrupt even the best of owners.
2841. Kangaroo Physiology,2.4
#You either are or can transform into a kangaroo, gaining its powerful legs capable of launching you dozens of feet, its tough tail for balance and striking, and a pouch to carry your valuables. Your kicks can shatter ribs.
2842. Kappa Physiology,3.8
#You are a kappa, a child-sized reptilian water yokai with scaly skin and a water-filled plate on your head. You are a master wrestler and swimmer, strong enough to drag adult humans into rivers. If the plate on your head dries out, you lose all your strength.
2843. Kapre Physiology,3.9
#You are a kapre, a towering hairy tree demon from Philippine folklore, 7 to 9 feet tall with a beard and an ever-present ganja pipe. You dwell in the branches of old acacias and banyans, and the belt around your bahag grants you invisibility to humans at will.
2844. Karankoncolos Physiology,3.6
#You are a karankoncolos, a malevolent Turkish demon that haunts the ten dreadful days of Zemheri. You can mimic the voices of loved ones to lure victims into trances, and strike down any passerby who fails to answer your questions with the word "kara". Vulnerable to holy relics and prayers.
2845. Karma Embodiment,7.4
#You embody karma itself, the concept of action and reaction that drives the entire cycle of cause and effect. Every deed done in your presence returns to its doer, for good or ill, and you can accelerate or redirect this cycle at will. You are causality made flesh.
2846. Karma Empowerment,5.2
#Your body feeds on karma itself, every good deed or justified wrong done by or to you makes you stronger, faster and tougher. Saints and absolute bastards both thrive with this, and if you accumulate enough karmic weight you may even slow your aging or unlock affinities tied to your actions. Neutral lifestyles see little benefit.
2847. Kasa-Obake Physiology,2.6
#You are a kasa-obake, a one-eyed, one-legged umbrella yokai. You can hop around with surprising agility, shield people from rain and wind, and your long tongue is good for pranks. Your existence is tied to the parasol you evolved from; if it is destroyed, so are you.
2848. Kasha Physiology,4.6
#You are a kasha, a demonic cat-ghoul that preys on the dead. Your physical abilities are well above human, you can sense corpses and lingering souls from great distances, and you can snatch souls destined for hell before they reach judgement. You can also reanimate corpses for your own amusement, though divine magic burns you fiercely.
2849. Katana Mimicry,3.4
#You are or can transform your body into katanas, either as a blade-studded humanoid or as homogeneous sword-matter with no vital points. In humanoid form you still have organs beneath the steel and can be wounded, homogeneous form trades individuality for durability.
2850. Katsura Otoko Physiology,5.0
#You are a Katsura Otoko, a seductive moon spirit of devastating beauty. At night you can project your image onto the moon and any mortal who gazes at it becomes hypnotized, slowly feeding you their life force, a long enough stare is fatal. You are powerless during the day and those of indomitable will can simply look away.
2851. Kawahime Physiology,4.3
#You are a kawahime, a water-dwelling yokai who haunts bridges and watermills as a beautiful woman (or occasionally a kappa-like form). You can seduce mortals and feed on their life-force through touch or kiss, and you have natural shapeshifting and aquatic abilities. Shinto rites will banish you easily.
2852. Kawauso Physiology,3.0
#You are a kawauso, an old river-otter that turned into a playful yokai. You can shapeshift into an attractive human to run mischievous schemes, you have an instinctive knack for stealing sake, and your otter form is fast, cunning and at home in any waterway. Mostly harmless, but a handful in a bar.
2853. Kayeri Physiology,3.2
#You are a kayeri, a Colombian forest spirit that manifests through mushrooms and rainforest vines during the wet season. You possess supernatural strength and speed, and you share awareness with the fungi and creeping plants of the jungle. A bone-tipped arrow to the kidney can still kill you.
2854. Kaze No Kami Physiology,4.8
#You are a Kaze No Kami, a plague spirit riding a yellow cloud of pestilence. Any who your cloud passes over fall sick with whatever disease you choose, and you can manipulate the wind to fail crops and spread ruin. Shinto priests and shrine maidens can purify you outright.
2855. Kee-wakw Physiology,4.4
#You are a Kee-wakw, a cannibalistic Abenaki giant born from a human whose heart turned to ice through great evil. Your body is massive, half-human half-animal, and your hunger is insatiable. You are vulnerable to Abenaki prayers and the rites of their gods.
2856. Keelut Physiology,4.2
#Inuit Mythology - You are a Keelut, a hairless underworld hound that feeds on the dead. You leave no tracks whatsoever, making you nearly impossible to detect until you strike, and your mere presence can feel like a death omen. Inuit rituals and prayers can drive you off.
2857. Kejourou Physiology,4.0
#You are a kejourou, a yokai with disturbingly thick and long black hair covering your face and sometimes your whole body. You can manipulate your hair as grasping whips, blades or curtains to ensnare the men who come to the red-light districts you haunt. Outside such places of ill-repute your powers wane.
2858. Kelpie Physiology/Each-uisge,5.1
#You are an Each-uisge, the more savage cousin of the Kelpie, free to haunt any body of water including the open sea. You have monstrous strength, water-based shapeshifting and a ravenous hunger that leaves only livers behind. The scent of prey can send you into a reckless frenzy, and cold iron will drop you.
2859. Kelpie Physiology,4.5
#You are a kelpie, a Scottish water-horse spirit that can shift between a powerful black steed and a human form, with your hooves reversed as a tell. You are immensely strong, tied intimately to rivers and lochs, and can drag prey into the water with ease. Your bridle is your weakness, whoever holds it controls you utterly.
2860. Keukegen Physiology,3.1
#You are a keukegen, a small dog-sized disease spirit made entirely of dirty hair. You haunt filthy homes and spread sickness and minor misfortune to their inhabitants, though without malice, you're just doing what you are. You can only exist in squalor, a good scrubbing will banish you instantly.
2861. Key Mimicry,2.9
#You can transform into keys, either a humanoid form made of interlocking keys with organs still beneath, or homogeneous key-matter with no vital points. You might only become certain types of keys and there's no guarantee your key-form actually opens anything.
2862. Kiko Physiology,6.3
#You are a Kiko, the first celestial evolution of a good-aligned kitsune. You have shed any physical body and become pure spirit, able to take the form of a brilliant white nine-tailed fox or whatever shape you desire. As a servant of Inari you possess considerable divine spiritual power, though you remain below the tenko and kuko, and evil-aligned powers may burn you due to your alignment.
2863. Kinetic Durability,4.0
#Your body converts kinetic energy into reinforcement, making you tougher the more force is applied to you. Bullets, punches and falls feed your durability instead of damaging you, scaling up to superhuman levels when hit hard enough.
2865. Kinetic Energy Empowerment,3.5
#You grow stronger, faster and more durable whenever you come into contact with kinetic energy. Battlefields, storms and stampedes feed you, and with enough exposure you may draw sustenance from motion itself and slow your aging.
2866. Kinetic Energy Power Link,4.8
#Your powers are fueled and controlled by your kinetic energy, using motion and momentum as their power source. The more kinetic energy you can muster, the stronger all your other abilities become, though unstable kinetics may cause them to go haywire.
2867. Kinetic Force Redirection,5.8
#Any kinetic force enacted on your body is automatically redirected back to its source or to another target of your choosing. Physical attacks become utterly useless against you, though the environment around you may still take the brunt of the redirected force.
2868. Kinetic Mind,4.6
#Your sensory and psychological processes are amplified by kinetic energy, accelerating your thoughts to computer-like speeds. You can process information, react and plan far faster than a normal mind, though over-acceleration can fry your mental facilities.
2869. Kinetic Quintessence,6.6
#You are an infinite wellspring of kinetic energy, generating it endlessly from within your own body without needing any external source. The limitless output can be used to enhance your physical and mental attributes to superhuman levels, power any machine, or fuel any kinetic technique indefinitely. However, your body can only safely handle so much output at once before needing rest.
2870. Kinkajou Physiology,2.1
#You are or can transform into a kinkajou, the honey bear of the rainforest. You gain its nimble climbing, prehensile tail, sharp teeth and long sticky tongue, and an unfortunate fondness for fermented fruit.
2871. Kinutanuki Physiology,2.3
#You are or can mimic a Kinutanuki, a strange and largely harmless yokai born from silk that has come to life as a tsukumogami. You take the form of long strands of silk sporting the hands, feet, tail and head of a tanuki, fond of puns and drumming on your own belly. Destruction of the silk you evolved from may destroy you in turn.
2872. Kishi Physiology,4.6
#African Mythology - You are or can transform into a Kishi, a demon with a human face in front and a ravenous hyena face on the back of your head. The human side is a cunning and ruthless predator who seduces and tricks victims, while the hyena devours anything its jaws can close on. Vulnerable to rituals and prayers of the African pantheons.
2873. Kitsune Physiology,5.8
#You possess the characteristics and abilities of a kitsune, a Japanese fox spirit that grows stronger with age. You can shapeshift, cast illusions, conjure foxfire, and possess others, and over time you grow additional tails up to nine. Upon reaching a thousand years and your ninth tail, you turn golden and become a Celestial Fox gaining clairvoyance across a thousand li. Some fox trait always lingers in your form, and dogs are your natural enemy.
2874. Knockback Immunity,3.3
#You are immune to being knocked back by any force. You can still be pushed down or moved normally, but no blow, no matter how powerful, will send you flying. A charging bull could ram you and all you would do is stagger. Power Negation and Omni-Absorption are the perfect counters.
2875. Knockdown Immunity,3.3
#You are immune to being knocked down by any force. You can still be pushed back or moved, but you remain on your feet regardless of what hits you. May have an upper force limit before even this power gives out, and Power Negation bypasses it entirely.
2876. Knocker Physiology,3.1
#Welsh Folklore - You are or can transform into a knocker, an ugly little goblin of the mines. You possess supernatural agility in tight tunnels, can create unsettling knocking sounds that echo unnaturally and can cause minor cave-ins with focus. Vulnerable to cold-iron, folk charms and divine relics, and your power wanes far from the underground.
2877. Knowledge Anchoring,4.1
#Your mind is anchored against all knowledge-altering powers. Nothing can erase, overwrite, reshape or steal the knowledge in your head. It does not improve how well you learn or remember on your own, and it does nothing against other forms of mental manipulation like mind control.
2878. Knowledge Derivation,9.3
#You are the source of all knowledge and wisdom in the cosmos, the binding force from which every idea, thought, and fact derives. You have total dominion over intelligence and information on a universal scale, but if you were ever to die, all knowledge everywhere would die with you. You cannot pass the burden on without finding a successor.
2879. Knowledge Embodiment,8.6
#You are the living embodiment of knowledge itself. The more you know, the more powerful you become, and your dominion over knowledge manipulation and near-omniscience grows with every fact you acquire. Embodiments of oblivion and ignorance may still overpower you if they catch you unaware.
2880. Knuckle Claws,2.8
#You can extend and retract razor-sharp claws directly from your knuckles at will, perfect for brawling, climbing and shredding through flesh. Less elegant than hand-claws but hits far harder when you're throwing a punch.
2881. Koala Physiology,2.0
#You are or can transform into a koala, gaining strong climbing claws, a diet tolerance for eucalyptus and an incredibly efficient sleep schedule of up to 22 hours a day. Not exactly a combat form.
2882. Kobold Physiology,3.3
#German Folklore - You are or can transform into a kobold, a household or mine sprite capable of turning invisible and manifesting as an animal, a flame, a candle or a small childlike humanoid. Mischievous, helpful or malicious depending on temperament, with minor elemental and domestic magic tied to whatever place you claim as your own.
2883. Kodama Physiology,4.0
#Japanese Folklore - You are or can take on the traits of a Kodama, a benevolent tree spirit bound to a specific great tree. As a guardian of the forest you possess minor nature magic, supernatural senses within your woodland and the ability to manifest as wisps of light or small humanoids. Your life is tied to your tree, and the death of one means the death of the other.
2884. Kokuri Baba Physiology,3.7
#Japanese Folklore - You are or can transform into a Kokuri Baba, a ghoulish yokai-hag that haunts old temples and feeds on the flesh of the dead. You possess unnatural strength and cunning rooted in despair, madness and isolation. Vulnerable to divine magic, prayers and rituals due to your malignant nature.
2885. Komainu Physiology,3.9
#Japanese Folklore - You are or can transform into a komainu, the lion-dog guardians of Shinto shrines. You possess the physical strength of a great beast and a natural aura that wards off evil spirits, making you a powerful protector of the places and people you claim as your own.
2886. Kori Physiology,3.6
#Colombian Folklore - You are or can transform into a kori, a destructive aquatic monster resembling an anteater. Your massive claws can dig under riverbanks and collapse them, and you can summon strong winds or turn dirt into drowning water to devastate anyone who crosses your territory.
2887. Koromodako Physiology,4.6
#Japanese Folklore - You are or can transform into a Koromodako, a tiny octopus yokai that rests at only a few centimeters long until angered. Once provoked you can rapidly expand to monstrous, ship-swallowing scale, engulfing everything in reach before shrinking back down to your harmless form. Vulnerable to Shinto rituals and prayers.
2888. Koropokkuru Physiology,2.7
#Ainu Folklore - You are or can transform into a Koropokkuru, a small agile humanoid of the northern Japanese islands. You possess exceptional skill at fishing, foraging and moving unseen, and your diminutive stature and natural stealth make you nearly impossible to track in the wilderness.
2889. Korori Physiology,4.1
#Japanese Folklore - You are or can transform into a Korori, a Yakubyo Gami yokai devoted to spreading cholera and disease. You embody the plague itself, carrying and spreading sickness wherever you go and feeding on the corpses of those who succumb. Vulnerable to the rituals and prayers of Shinto priests and shrine maidens.
2890. Koryu Physiology,6.5
#Japanese Mythology - You are or can transform into a Koryu, a fox dragon so virtuous and powerful that its kitsune nature is indistinguishable from that of a true dragon. You possess the immense power of both lineages, with command over fox magic, illusions and elemental breath. As a member of the celestial hierarchy, you likely have superiors and duties to uphold.
2891. Kraken Physiology,6.0
#European Folklore - You are or can transform into a Kraken, a legendary sea monster vast enough to be mistaken for an island. Your tentacled or crab-like body possesses monstrous strength and durability, capable of dragging entire ships beneath the waves. You can still be slain, and other great sea monsters may match or exceed you.
2892. Kresnik Physiology,6.3
#Slavic Folklore - You are or can transform into a kresnik, the natural antithesis and immortal enemy of vampires. Your power is considered superior to even the eldest of vampire lords, granting you immense physical might, holy-aligned abilities and shapeshifting to maintain the balance between light and dark. Your strength may be greatest when vampires are near.
2893. Kubikajiri Physiology,3.5
#Japanese Folklore - You are or can transform into a kubikajiri, a cannibalistic ghost that manifests as an old man in burial shrouds haunting graveyards. You feed on the heads of the dead and possess supernatural hunger and strength befitting a restless starved soul. Vulnerable to Shinto rituals and prayers.
2894. Kuchisake-Onna Physiology,4.4
#Japanese Urban Legend - You are or can transform into the Kuchisake-Onna, the Slit-Mouthed Woman. You possess supernatural speed, a compulsion to ask your victims if you are pretty and the power to punish their answer with a pair of cursed scissors. Bound by the rules of your legend, you can be confused by ambiguous answers or distracted by fruit and candies.
2895. Kudan Physiology,3.2
#You are or can transform into a Kudan, a yokai with a human head on the body of a cow. You possess enhanced bovine physical traits and can issue prophecies, though these prophecies are almost always grim and unavoidable.
2896. Kujata Physiology,7.8
#You are or can transform into Kujata, the cosmic bull of Islamic cosmography. Your body bears thousands of horns, eyes, and tongues, and each breath you take controls the tides of entire oceans. Your cosmic scale grants you physical abilities far beyond mortal reckoning.
2897. Kuko Physiology,8.1
#You are a Kuko, the final stage of a good-aligned kitsune, possessing magical power equal to the gods themselves. Your mastery over illusion, spiritual energy and transcendent kitsune magic is unmatched, though your venerated status means much of your power is geared toward distant observation rather than direct intervention. Evil-aligned beings of great strength may harm you more easily due to your pure alignment.
2898. Kulmking Physiology,4.6
#You are or can transform into a Kulmking, an undead Estonian monster that haunts public places. You can take many forms, possess the weak-willed, devour the unwary, and turn people into lesser devils. Holy rituals and prayers can banish you, and your haunting is restricted to public grounds.
2899. Kulullû Physiology,3.5
#You are or can transform into a Kulullû, an ancient Mesopotamian sea monster that is half-man and half-fish. You possess enhanced aquatic physiology, allowing you to swim at great speeds, breathe underwater, and wield the strength of the old sea spirits.
2900. Kuri Physiology,4.2
#You are or can transform into a Kuri, a goblin-like demon from English folklore that stalks graves in the wilderness. You can attach yourself to a victim, whisper into their dreams, and slowly drive them mad until they see your hideous face on the faces of their loved ones. Holy rituals can banish you, and the soulless are immune to your torment.
2901. Kurote Physiology,2.8
#You are or can mimic a kurote, a perverted toilet-yokai whose hands strike from porcelain depths. Though mostly a harasser, provoked kurote are genuinely dangerous supernatural foes capable of cursing those who cross them. Shinto rites can drive you away.
2902. Labatut Physiology,3.3
#You are or can transform into a Labatut, a monstrous cannibal from Guarani folklore. As a Labatut you possess enhanced physical abilities and a feral, lawless mindset that makes you terrifying in close combat, though your human origin means mortal weapons can still put you down.
2903. Laestrygonian Physiology,5.4
#Greek Mythology - You are or can transform into a Laestrygonian, one of the man-eating giants encountered by Odysseus. Your massive size grants you tremendous physical strength, enough to hurl boulders with the force to sink ships and flatten buildings.
2904. Lagarfljót Worm Physiology,4.4
#You are or can transform into the Lagarfljót Worm, the lake monster of Iceland. You possess a massive serpentine aquatic body capable of tremendous strength underwater, and your coils can overturn boats and drag prey into the depths.
2905. Lagomorph Physiology,2.7
#You possess the traits of a lagomorph, rabbit, hare, or pika. This grants you powerful hind legs for explosive jumping and sprinting, enhanced hearing, and a twitchy awareness that makes you hard to catch off-guard.
2906. Lake Monster Physiology,4.3
#You are or can transform into a lake monster like the Loch Ness Monster, a massive freshwater megafauna with a long flexible neck, turtle-like body, and powerful flippers. Your physiology grants immense underwater strength and stealth, letting you vanish into the depths without a ripple.
2907. Lambton Worm Physiology,4.6
#European Folklore - You are or can transform into the Lambton Worm, a massive serpentine monster that once terrorized English villages from its lake. Your coils are strong enough to crush knights in full armor, and legend says cutting you in half only doubles the threat.
2908. Lamia Physiology,5.2
#Greek Mythology - You are or can transform into a lamia, the serpentine monster born from the grief and rage of Zeus's mortal lover. You possess a powerful serpentine lower body, venomous fangs, and the cursed hunger that drove the original lamia mad, though you retain the beauty of the queen she once was.
2909. Lampad Physiology,5.7
#Greek Mythology - You are or can transform into a lampad, an underworld nymph who serves as torchbearer to Hecate herself. You wield chthonic flames that illuminate the dead, travel effortlessly through night and the underworld, and carry a piece of the goddess of witchcraft's favor. Divine power users can still pierce your nymphic defenses.
2910. Lamprey Mouth,2.1
#Your mouth is a circular funnel ringed with rows of inward-pointing teeth, perfect for latching onto prey and rasping through flesh. Horrifying to look at, great for clamping down and not letting go.
2911. Lampriformes Physiology,3.2
#Allows you to transform into or take on the traits of a lampriform fish such as an oarfish, opah or ribbonfish. You gain the ability to thrive at deep ocean pressures, swim with ribbonlike grace and, as an opah, even regulate your body heat unlike most fish.
2912. Land Adaptation,2.6
#If you are normally an aquatic being, this trait lets you breathe air, move comfortably and use your senses on dry land without missing a beat. A swap-ready body for water-born creatures who need to walk among the surface dwellers.
2913. Land Nymph Physiology,5.4
#You are a land nymph, a minor goddess bound to groves, meadows, mountains, vales or pastures. You possess divine authority over your chosen landscape type, nurturing and commanding its plants, soil and wildlife as an extension of yourself. Being Alseid, Auloniad, Orestiad, Leimakid or Napaea determines what type of land responds to you.
2914. Landmass Mimicry,4.2
#Allows you to take on the traits of a landmass, becoming as durable, vast and geologically resilient as a stretch of terrain itself. Your body can gain the hardness of mountains, the mass of plains and the weathering resistance of ancient bedrock.
2915. Large Body Parts,2.2
#You possess body parts that are unusually large, be it hands, head, legs or anything else. Useful for grappling, containment or just sheer intimidation, but the disproportion may cause you problems in everyday life and put strain on the rest of your body.
2916. Laser Empowerment,3.5
#You grow stronger, faster and more durable whenever lasers are present, drawing sustenance from their coherent light. Standing in a laser show is essentially a workout and a meal for you.
2917. Laser Immunity,3.4
#You are immune to lasers, direct or indirect, of any intensity. Laser weapons, cutting beams and focused light arrays simply don't register. Your clothes on the other hand are not so lucky.
2918. Laser Mimicry,5.4
#Your body is composed of coherent laser light, letting you move at the speed of the beam, pass through narrow gaps and unleash devastating photonic attacks from any part of your form. Takes practice to change back and you may accidentally scorch anything you touch before mastering it.
2919. Laser Symbiosis,5.1
#You host a laser-based entity within your body, granting you potent photonic abilities channeled through its power. The entity may attempt to take over your mind or body, and its sheer luminous force can be lethal to an unprepared host.
2920. Laughter Empowerment,3.4
#You grow stronger, faster and more durable the more comedy and laughter surround you, whether your own or someone else's. A good stand-up set could turn you into a juggernaut, and you may draw sustenance from humor itself. Gag Immunity users can shrug you off.
2921. Lauma Physiology,5.2
#You are a Lauma, a nature spirit from Baltic folklore who gave up part of their divinity to live among mortals. You retain a suite of supernatural gifts, can shift between human and animalistic forms like mares, bears and goats, and have a deep fondness for children. Iron and fae-warding charms are your weaknesses.
2922. Lava Perception,2.2
#You can see, hear and smell through lava despite its opacity and heat, letting you navigate and sense freely while submerged. Largely useless without Lava Immunity since you would cook before using it.
2923. Law Empowerment,6.3
#You grow stronger, faster and more durable from the presence of laws, drawing power from every rule and code nearby, natural or artificial. In heavily regulated societies you are borderline unstoppable, but in true lawless anarchy you weaken considerably.
2924. Law Immunity,5.5
#You are immune to any and all laws you would otherwise be subject to, from legal statutes to physical and supernatural rules. You cannot be arrested, imprisoned or bound by Law Manipulation. You may still suffer the social consequences of acting however you please.
2925. Law Power Link,6.3
#Your lawful aspect is connected directly to your powers, with governance itself fueling and amplifying them. The more ordered and stable your inner code, the stronger your abilities become. If your lawful aspect is ever destabilized, your powers may go out of control or lash out at you instead.
2926. Layered Durability,4.2
#Your body is composed of multiple stacked layers of increasingly durable materials, each tougher than the last. Attacks must grind through layer after layer before reaching anything vital, making you a nightmare to put down in a prolonged fight. Fortitude Weakening can compromise the layering.
2927. Layered Life,4.0
#Your life is protected by multiple defensive layers that cap how much damage you can take at once. Any single blow can only strip one layer, preventing one-shot kills regardless of the attack's power. Does not protect against status effects, being knocked unconscious, or pure death inducement.
2928. Lazy Activity,3.2
#You get all the benefits of training, exercising and practicing while doing only a fraction of the actual work. A few minutes of half-hearted effort is equivalent to a professional athlete's full workout, and you can build muscle or lose weight with embarrassing ease. Some areas of development may still require real effort.
2929. Leanan Sidhe Physiology,5.2
#You take on the traits of a Leanan Sidhe, an Irish fairy known for taking mortals as lovers. Those you favor are blessed with overwhelming artistic inspiration rivaling the muses, but their lives burn short and bright, often ending in madness or wasting sickness as you drain them of life. You are vulnerable to cold iron and cannot influence those with indomitable will or seduction immunity.
2930. Lechuza Physiology,4.6
#You are a lechuza, a hag from Mexican folklore who appears as a normal woman during the day but transforms at night into an owl-like monster. In your night form you can mimic voices, manipulate weather and even induce death with your screeching, but you are helplessly vulnerable to salt and powerless during the day.
2931. Leech Physiology,2.8
#You are or can transform into a leech, either partially or fully, allowing you to latch onto targets and drain their blood while possessing a slimy, near-boneless body. You are vulnerable to salt, vinegar, alcohol and extreme temperatures, and you may need to drink blood to stay alive.
2932. Legume Mimicry,2.0
#Your body is made of legumes or can transform into them, whether as an anatomically identical bean-person with internal organs or as a homogeneous mass of beans. Vulnerable to being eaten, stepped on, or ending up in someone's soup.
2933. Legwear Mimicry,1.3
#You are or can transform into legwear such as pants, leggings or skirts. You may become a fully anatomical pair of sentient pants with organs inside, or a homogeneous legwear mass, but pants aren't particularly resilient and some users can't change back.
2934. Lemon Mimicry,1.5
#You are or can transform into a lemon or a mass of lemons, either as an anatomically identical lemon-person with organs or as homogeneous citrus matter. Unfortunately, you may be vulnerable to being juiced, squeezed, or tossed into a fruit bowl.
2935. Lemur Physiology,2.4
#You are or can transform into a lemur, fully or partially, gaining their agility, grip, enormous eyes, and primate instincts. Your senses and balance in trees are incredible, though you may pick up lemur-like fears and dietary habits.
2936. Lens Mimicry,1.8
#You are or can transform into a lens or lens-based object, whether as an anatomically identical lens-person with organs or as homogeneous glass matter. Fragile against Glass Manipulation and Shattering, and you may not always be able to change back.
2937. Leocampus Physiology,4.2
#You are or can transform into a leocampus, the Greco-Roman sea-lion with the head and upper body of a lion fused to webbed forelimbs and a fish's tail. You possess regal strength on land and unmatched grace beneath the waves, but you are still vulnerable to Mythical Beast Manipulation and Shapeshifting Negation.
2938. Leopard Physiology,3.5
#You possess the traits of a leopard, whether by full or partial transformation or by being one outright. You gain incredible agility, stealth, climbing ability and a crushing bite, along with the rosette-patterned coat of the world's most efficient ambush predator.
2939. Lepidoptera Physiology,2.9
#You are or can transform into a lepidopteran such as a butterfly or moth, fully or partially. Gain delicate wings, a long proboscis, incredible antennae and, if you want, the terrifying silent flight of a giant moth in the dark.
2940. Leporid Physiology,2.4
#You are or can transform into a leporid such as a hare or rabbit, fully or partially. Gain incredible leaping ability, swift legs, long ears that catch every sound, and the unmatched reproductive enthusiasm of your kind.
2941. Leporidoid Physiology,2.8
#You are a leporidoid, a humanoid rabbit-folk of fantasy genre fame, whether by birth, mutation or evolution. You keep human intelligence while gaining long ears, powerful legs, and the grace and reflexes of a hare standing upright.
2942. Leprechaun Physiology,4.4
#Irish Folklore - You are or can transform into a leprechaun, a tiny old-man fairy in a red or green coat who spends his time cobbling shoes and hoarding a pot of gold at the end of a rainbow. You can grant wishes to any human who captures you as a price for your release, but your powers weaken if your gold is lost and you are vulnerable to iron and clover.
2943. Leshy Physiology,5.1
#Slavic Mythology - You are or can transform into a Leshy, a demonic forest spirit who rules over woodlands and the hunt. You can lead travelers endlessly astray, command beasts and trees, and vanish into the forest itself, though you are vulnerable to divine or transcendent powers that nullify spirit kind.
2944. Lesser Damage Effectiveness,1.0
#Your attacks deal less damage against certain creatures or affinities, such as a fire wielder struggling to harm a water wielder. A niche drawback trait that only really matters when matchups are bad.
2945. Lesser Divinity,6.2
#You possess a minor portion of divinity, granting you power well beyond the mundane but still short of true godhood. Obtained through divine ancestry, faith, possession, or evolution, this status makes you a demigod capable of minor miracles and resistant to most mortal threats, though full deities and divine attacks can still overwhelm you.
2946. Lesser Immunity,6.2
#You are completely invulnerable to anything and anyone weaker or lesser in status than you. Blunt force, telekinesis, transmutation, biological attacks, soul attacks — nothing from a lesser being can touch you. Against equals or superiors, you are as vulnerable as anyone else. Scales with your overall power level.
2947. Lethal Activity,5.4
#Every action you take is lethal. A flick, a tap, a gentle pat on the shoulder — all of them kill, whether instantly or over time. You cannot perform a non-lethal action against another living being. Hard to turn off, making peaceful interactions a careful exercise in not touching anyone.
2948. Lethal Physiology,6.5
#You are a walking beacon of death. Your blood, touch, gaze, voice, breath, shadow and aura are all fatal to others. Unlike beings made of death-essence, you embody what death does rather than what it is. Without some form of regulation, simply existing near others will kill them. Life Resilience and Life and Death Transcendence users are immune.
2949. Lethargy Immunity,3.2
#You are immune to fatigue, sleepiness, and intoxication. You never grow tired from effort, never get sluggish from a bad night's sleep, and cannot be drugged into a stupor. You can still choose to rest or sleep, you just never need to.
2950. Letter Mimicry,3.4
#You are or can transform into a letter or a set of letters. Your letter form can be anatomically normal but made of letters, or homogeneous throughout. If you are multiple letters, you can rearrange yourself into words and sentences. You can also manifest yourself in printed work, books, graffiti, or on screens.
2951. Lettuce Mimicry,0.8
#You are made of lettuce or can transform into it. Your lettuce form can be anatomically identical to your normal body aside from the crunchy leafy substance, or fully homogeneous. You are deeply vulnerable to being bitten, shredded, or dressed with vinaigrette.
2952. Leverage Defiance,3.1
#You can ignore how levers work in physics. In the human body, levers normally trade off between speed and strength, but your body uses them for both at once, combining all three lever classes. The result is a body that moves faster and hits harder than its muscles have any right to.
2953. Ley Line Connection,5.4
#You have a permanent connection to the ley lines of your planet, conduits of energy that run beneath the biosphere. You can bend the mystic forces of the world by tapping into the network wherever you walk, gaining insight into underlying patterns and an endless battery of esoteric power. Weak against Connection Removal.
2954. Ley Line Empowerment,4.7
#You grow stronger, faster and more durable when in contact with ley lines, possibly unlocking abilities tied to their affinity and enhancing your existing powers. Some users can draw sustenance directly from the flow or slow their aging while camped on a nexus. Find the right node and become a local god.
2955. Licorice Mimicry,1.4
#Allows you to transform your body partially or fully into licorice. You gain some flexibility and can stretch your limbs like ropes, but you are sensitive to heat and fully edible to anything with teeth.
2956. Lie Empowerment,3.2
#Whenever lies are spoken in your vicinity you grow stronger, faster and tougher, with the magnitude of the boost scaling to the scope and weight of the deceit. Blatant truths nullify the boost while they are being spoken.
2957. Life Addition,5.4
#Every time you take the life of another being, you gain an extra life of your own. Upon death you resurrect fully healed, and the counter grows with every kill you rack up, but repeated deaths can burn through your tally fast.
2958. Life Connection,6.2
#You are emotionally and spiritually linked to every form of life. As long as you live, life endures, but you feel the pain of every wounded creature and if you ever die, life itself may end with you. Bond Severing powers can cut the link.
2959. Life Derivation,8.7
#You are the primordial source of all life in the cosmos. Every living thing exists because you exist, and you have instinctive dominion over every power of life, but the burden is eternal: if you ever die, all life dies with you, and you cannot simply step away from the role.
2960. Life Embodiment,9.1
#You are life itself. You have unlimited power over the living, endless life-force to draw upon, and can heal, immortalize, or grant existence at absolute levels. Second only to Omnipotence in your field, though Absolute Death Manipulation can still challenge you.
2961. Life Empowerment,3.5
#You become stronger, faster and tougher the more life surrounds you. A crowded city or a lush forest turns you into a powerhouse, while sterile wastelands and dead zones leave you noticeably weaker.
2962. Life Resilience,5.4
#You are completely immune to all death-force and death-inducing abilities. Reapers, kill orders, instant death curses, all of it slides off you. However, you can still die from natural causes like aging, accidents, or plain old physical trauma, and abilities that bypass immunities still work.
2963. Life Trail,4.2
#Wherever you walk, life blooms in your footsteps. Flowers sprout, grass grows, small insects and microbes flourish in your wake. In barren areas this makes you incredibly obvious to track, but in the right circumstances you can turn a wasteland into a garden simply by taking a stroll.
2964. Life Transcendence,7.6
#You have exceeded the natural limits of your life and lifespan. Your body can be destroyed or rendered lifeless but you retain the ability to restore yourself to a living state, and your life-energy operates independently of food, water, sleep or biology. Not true immortality, as Absolute Erasure and sufficiently strong Death Manipulation can still end you.
2965. Life and Death Connection,6.3
#You are emotionally and spiritually connected to all life and death, everything alive or dying across existence. As long as you exist, life and death do too, and you can feel the pulse of every living thing if you focus. Bond Severing can break the link, and beings outside life and death are invisible to you.
2966. Life and Death Embodiment,9.0
#You are the living embodiment of Life and Death itself, the personification of both forces. You have effectively limitless control over at least one and profound mastery over the other. Existence bends around you because you are two of its most fundamental concepts wearing a face.
2967. Life and Death Transcendence,8.1
#You transcend the concepts of life and death, existing as something neither living, dead, nor undead. You may never have truly been alive to begin with. You are immune to all powers related to life and death, though you can still feel pain, and absolute erasure can still wipe you from existence.
2968. Life-Force Empowerment,3.8
#You grow stronger, faster and more durable the closer you are to sources of life-force, whether crowds, forests, or ambient vitality. Prolonged immersion can even slow your aging or sustain you without food.
2969. Life-Force Immunity,4.5
#You are completely unaffected by life-force manipulation of any kind, whether constructs, attacks, absorption or infusion. Sufficiently godly life-forces may still partially bypass your immunity.
2970. Life-Force Mimicry,5.6
#Your body is made of or can transform into pure life-force, fortifying your cells, bones and muscles with raw vitality. In this form your physical abilities are greatly enhanced, but Death-Force Manipulation and energy drains become extremely dangerous, potentially fatal.
2971. Life-Force Power Link,4.2
#Your life-force is directly connected to your powers, fueling and strengthening every ability you possess with your raw vitality. If your life-force becomes unstable your powers may run wild, and life-force drains become especially dangerous.
2972. Life-Force Symbiosis,5.1
#You share a symbiotic bond with a life-force entity, gaining powers over biology, growth and vitality through its quintessential essence. The entity may try to possess you, and a powerful one can tear your body apart if you cannot contain it.
2973. Lifeless Continuation,4.9
#You can keep going after you have died, your body continuing to fight, move and act on sheer residual will until its energy runs out or its goal is completed. You are not undead, just refusing to stop.
2974. Enhanced Lifting,2.3
#Your lifting capacity is well beyond peak human, letting you hoist cars, trucks and the occasional bulldozer without breaking a sweat. Strength is not durability however, so lifting something too heavy above your head may still crush your bones.
2975. Supernatural Lifting,4.2
#Your lifting strength is glaringly, obviously unnatural, letting you heft tanks, airplanes, locomotives and massive boulders with ease. Gravity, balance and your own structural integrity still apply, lifting more than your bones can bear will snap you before it snaps the weight.
2976. Peak Human Lifting,1.5
#Your lifting capacity sits at the absolute ceiling of human potential, surpassing olympic weightlifters. You can deadlift and press objects that would normally require a team of strongmen, like refrigerators, beds and motorcycles.
2977. Light Capacitor,3.8
#Your body functions as a living photonic battery, absorbing any light you come into contact with and storing it indefinitely for later release. You can channel the stored energy however you see fit, from powering abilities to unleashing the whole reserve in a single burst.
2978. Light Consumption,3.0
#You can consume and digest light itself, eating photons to sustain yourself and fuel your powers. If you ever find yourself in a lightless place for too long, you will begin to starve just like any other creature deprived of food.
2979. Light Derivation,8.9
#You are the source of all light in existence, the primordial force from which every photon in every universe flows. As long as you exist, light exists, and you hold total dominion over every aspect of it across cosmic, universal and multiversal scales. Should you die, all light everywhere ceases to be, unless you pass the source onto another.
2980. Light Embodiment,8.6
#You are the living embodiment of light itself, its personification made flesh. You hold limitless control over light and everything closely related to it, approaching essential omnipotence within your domain. Only an equal embodiment of Darkness can truly oppose you.
2981. Light Empowerment,3.7
#You grow stronger, faster and more durable when in contact with light, with your existing abilities amplified and new light-affinity powers sometimes unlocking. Sunlight may sustain you or even slow your aging, but darkness weakens you and prolonged absence of light may damage your body.
2982. Light Energy Mimicry,5.2
#Your body is either made of or can transform into light energy, letting you flow as radiant matter while retaining your form. In this state you are fast and hard to pin down, but dark energy and energy drain are highly effective, if not outright lethal.
2983. Light Immunity,3.5
#You are completely immune to light, both its direct effects and indirect ones. Lasers cannot burn you, flashbangs cannot blind you, and you could stare into the sun without issue, although you are also cut off from the beneficial effects of Light Magic.
2984. Light Mimicry,4.8
#Your body is either made of or can transform into light, letting you move at breathtaking speeds and slip through cracks as pure radiance. Darkness Manipulation is extremely effective against you, and changing back may take practice.
2985. Light Refracting Body,2.6
#Your body naturally reflects all light that hits it, giving you a mirror-like sheen and making you effectively invisible to certain forms of sight. The catch is that your eyes reflect light too, which may leave you blind.
2986. Light-Darkness Mimicry,5.7
#Your body is made of or can transform entirely into light and darkness in equal measure, with your form holding together as a cohesive being of radiant shadow. You can shift between physical and elemental states at will, and your power grants you enhanced durability and access to a vast array of light-dark abilities.
2987. Lightbulb Mimicry,1.1
#Your body is made of glass and filament. You generate light from within and possess a mechanical, bulb-like physiology. Try not to get dropped.
2988. Lighter Mimicry,0.7
#Your body is or can become a lighter. You depend on fuel to produce flame and may not be able to move while in this form. Pocket-sized hero.
2989. Lightning Soul,5.0
#Your soul itself is made of electricity. You can manifest it outside your body to act independently, or channel its current into magical and physical abilities. Soul manipulators are your greatest threat.
2990. Lightweight Body,1.4
#Your body is extremely light. Easy to lift, easy to carry, unfortunately also easy to blow away in a strong gust of wind.
2991. Lightweight Mass,4.0
#Your mass is lighter than almost anything in existence, yet you remain unaffected by anything heavier or more forceful than you, including air, subatomic particles, and light itself. You move freely without being shoved around by the universe.
2992. Lightworlder Physiology,2.6
#You are native to low-gravity environments like dwarf planets, comets and asteroids. In any weaker gravity than Earth you gain an apparent boost in condition, but stepping into a high-gravity world could crush you outright.
2993. Lily Pad Mimicry,0.6
#You are or can turn into a lily pad. You need water to thrive and movement is... let's just say pond pace.
2994. Limb Arsenal,4.5
#You produce and wield a wide variety of specialized limbs; arms, legs, wings, tails and stranger appendages, each with their own functions and abilities. A one-being army with the right assortment equipped.
2995. Limblessness,2.8
#Your hands, feet, and head float freely near your body with no connecting limbs or neck. You have longer reach, no joint restrictions, and can literally throw your punches. Downside: you can be knocked apart and may have to go fetch a runaway foot.
2996. Liminality Embodiment,7.6
#You are the living personification of liminality itself, or at least some aspect of it. You have limitless control over thresholds and in-between states and are utterly immune to them. You are the doorway, the twilight, the rite of passage made flesh.
2997. Liminality Power Link,5.5
#Your other powers are fueled and controlled through your personal liminal essence. This connection strengthens and refines everything else you can do, but if your threshold nature ever destabilizes your abilities can spiral out of control.
2998. Limitation Transcendence,7.3
#You can overcome your own limitations and weaknesses, whether personal, species-based, or tied to your other powers. A vampire could walk in sunlight, a werewolf shrug off silver, a human surpass the ceiling of mortal flesh. When one limit is broken, however, another may eventually take its place.
2999. Limitless Elevation,8.6
#You ascend endlessly. Skills, powers, knowledge, and all aspects of your being grow without ceiling, continuously elevating and refining themselves as you adapt to each new challenge. Given enough time, there is no obstacle you cannot grow past - though others with similar boundless potential can match your climb.
3000. Linguistic Intelligibility,3.2
#Anyone who hears your voice understands you regardless of the language you're actually speaking, and you understand them in return on a basic level. You never have to learn another language but you still can't read their writing.
3001. Lion Monster Physiology,4.8
#You are or can transform into a monstrous lion, far larger and crueler than any natural beast. Your physical abilities are terrifying, your roar alone can stagger lesser beings, and your bite crushes stone. Vulnerable to monster slayers and those who command felines.
3002. Lion Physiology,3.6
#You are or can transform into a lion, gaining the strength, senses, and predatory instincts of the king of beasts. Your roar carries authority and your bite is devastating. Larger tigers may still give you trouble.
3003. Lionfolk Physiology,3.4
#You are or can transform into a lionfolk, a humanoid lion with a mane, claws, fangs and a tail. Your physical abilities are well above human, your senses are sharper and you carry yourself with the innate pride of your kind.
3004. Liquid Current Defiance,2.4
#You are unaffected by currents and turbulence in water and other liquids, moving through them as though the flow did not exist. Thick and viscous liquids may still slow you, and gravity still applies as normal.
3005. Liquid Defiance,2.7
#You can defy liquids, ignoring the friction, heat and force they would normally impart when moving through them at high speeds. Water will not slap you like concrete at terminal velocity, though extreme densities or speeds may still be too much.
3006. Liquid Empowerment,3.6
#Contact with liquids makes you stronger, faster and more durable, and may unlock related abilities or slow your aging. The empowerment fades once you leave the liquid, leaving you somewhat dependent on staying wet for peak performance.
3007. Liquid Metal Mimicry,5.3
#Your body is made of or can transform into liquid metal, flowing between solid and liquid states at will. You can shape yourself into weapons, tools or amorphous pools, but suffer from the same weaknesses as metal itself, including electricity, magnetism and corrosion.
3008. Liquid Mimicry,4.9
#Your body can transform into liquid at will, becoming homogeneous flowing matter that most physical attacks pass harmlessly through. Extreme heat can evaporate you and extreme cold can freeze you solid, either of which is very bad for your health.
3009. Liquid Movement,2.6
#You can move through any liquid as easily as walking on land, swimming through thick oil or thin water without being hindered by viscosity or drag. You are not immune to the effects of what you swim in, so choose your medium wisely.
3010. List of Alien Species Physiologies,5.5
#You are or can transform into an alien of a randomly determined species, gaining their unique physiology and suite of innate abilities. The exact power level depends entirely on which species the gacha rolled for you.
3011. Supernatural Animal Physiology,5.7
#You are or can transform into a supernatural animal, a beast far beyond its natural kin in both raw power and capability. Whatever creature you embody, it is strong enough to face threats that would kill any ordinary member of its species several times over.
3012. Transcendent Animal Physiology,7.8
#You are or can transform into a transcendent animal, a beast that has ascended to god-like power through divine intervention or tremendous magical feats. In this form you operate on the level of animal gods, only really threatened by transcendent negation or beings of similar rank.
3013. Animal Physiology,3.0
#You are or can transform into an animal of your choosing, gaining all of its natural abilities and instincts. The scope and flexibility of the transformation depends on your familiarity with the creature.
3014. Colombian Mythical Creature,4.2
#You are a mythical creature from Colombian folklore, randomly chosen from the likes of La Patasola, El Mohan, El Sombrerón or the Madremonte. Your physiology, powers and weaknesses are those of whichever creature you rolled.
3015. Cryptid Physiology,4.0
#You are a cryptid, one of the hidden beasts whispered about but rarely proven. Whether you end up as Mothman, a chupacabra, a skinwalker or a jersey devil is up to chance, but all share uncanny physical abilities and a knack for staying unseen.
3016. Literary Empowerment,3.9
#You grow stronger, faster and tougher the more literature surrounds you. Libraries, bookstores and archives become your personal battery, and deep enough immersion in the written word can even slow your aging.
3017. Literature Embodiment,7.3
#You are the embodiment of literature itself, the living essence of every written work of lasting artistic merit. You can draw upon the full weight of prose and poetry ever committed to page, using narrative conventions and the force of the written word as a fundamental power.
3018. Little People Physiology,2.8
#You are or can transform into one of the little people of folklore, a tiny humanoid ranging from just short enough to notice to small enough to ride an insect. You retain human intellect and may possess minor supernatural traits depending on which folklore you hail from.
3019. Living Anomaly,7.6
#You are a living anomaly, an enigma that exists within the system while refusing to obey it. Physical laws, causality and fate all fail to quite stick to you, letting you shrug off restrictions that bind everything else and impose your own actions upon reality.
3020. Living Arsenal,5.5
#You are a living arsenal, capable of pulling guns, swords, cannons, shields and hammers from your own body at will. You can absorb existing weapons into your personal collection and craft new ones any time, even handing them out to allies.
3021. Living Blood,5.6
#Your blood is alive, a sentient circulatory substance with supernatural properties of its own. It can enhance you, act as a weapon, reshape itself on command and even function as an extension of your will, though it may be vulnerable to blood manipulation or harvesting.
3022. Living Clothing,4.6
#You possess a set of living, symbiotic clothing that responds to your thoughts, shifting style, size and color on demand. It can store itself within you, summon itself fresh whenever needed, and repairs any damage by regenerating.
3023. Living Conduit,5.7
#You are a living vessel for some greater force, whether it be an entity, an energy or a concept housed within your body. You can channel its power through yourself and access its knowledge, though the source may have its own will and agenda.
3024. Living Database,6.5
#You are knowledge given flesh, a living archive containing complete information on every subject. Unlike passive omniscience you are an active agent of knowledge, capable of editing, erasing and reshaping what is known at will.
3025. Living Doper,4.2
#Your body is a walking pharmaceutical lab, capable of synthesizing performance enhancement drugs from mundane chemicals to supernatural concoctions. You can dose yourself or others for massive temporary boosts, though the side effects can be brutal.
3026. Living Factory,5.3
#Your body is a factory, capable of producing weapons, items, creatures and constructs from your own flesh or by merging with surrounding material. Whatever you make can be stored inside you for later, at the cost of needing to absorb matter and energy to replenish yourself.
3027. Living Garden,4.5
#Your body is a living garden, capable of growing any kind of plant or fungus from within yourself. You can cultivate healing herbs, poisonous flowers or massive trees straight out of your skin, and may imbue them with supernatural effects.
3028. Living Hive,4.7
#You share your body symbiotically with a swarm of creatures, be they bugs, snakes or birds. They live inside you, emerge at your command to fight or gather information, and in some cases you are less a person than a hive-mind wearing a human shape.
3029. Living Kitchen,3.2
#Your body is a fully automated kitchen. Swallow any organic ingredients and within seconds you can produce any prepared dish imaginable, perfectly chopped, seasoned, cooked or baked. You still need to source the ingredients though, no conjuring food from nothing.
3030. Living Laboratory,5.4
#Your body is a living chemlab. You can take in matter and internally synthesise chemical compounds, natural elements, and even technological components based on blueprints in your mind. With enough study you can dabble in fringe sciences that push past normal physics, churning out creations from an operating table later.
3031. Living Power Plant,4.2
#Your body is a living dynamo, able to generate, absorb and store enormous quantities of energy from yourself or your surroundings and channel it into anything you touch. Power a city block, charge a mech, jumpstart a dead star, as long as you keep drinking in energy.
3032. Living Seal,4.6
#Your body functions as a living prison, capable of containing entities, powers or objects far beyond your own weight class. You gain nothing from what you seal, your existence simply holds the door shut. If the seal ever breaks, it will likely take you with it.
3033. Living Studio,3.3
#Your body is a living art studio. Take in pigments, clay, wood, sound, footage, anything associated with art, and your body will compose, sculpt, paint, film or perform it internally before producing finished pieces. You still need raw materials to work from.
3034. Lizard Physiology,2.4
#You are or can transform into a lizard, gaining the traits of reptiles, wall-clinging, tail regeneration, cold-bloodedness and all. Watch out in cold climates though, you may find yourself sluggish or wanting to hibernate.
3035. Lizardfolk Physiology,3.2
#DnD - You are or can transform into a lizardfolk, a reptilian humanoid with scaled hide, strong jaws, claws and the endurance of a cold-blooded hunter. More resilient than a human and well suited to swamps and harsh environments, though still mortal in most respects.
3036. Llamhigyn Y Dwr Physiology,3.4
#Welsh Folklore - You are or can transform into the Llamhigyn Y Dwr, an evil frog-like swamp monster with a long tail and leathery wings. You are an ambush predator of ponds and marshes, capable of snapping fishing lines and dragging grown men under. Monster slayers may come for you.
3037. Lobster Physiology,2.2
#You are or can transform into a lobster, gaining thick chitinous armor, powerful crushing claws and the ability to breathe underwater. Your flesh regenerates well and you are functionally biologically immortal.
3038. Location Independence,8.6
#You function and exist without a defined location. You are neither everywhere nor nowhere, as both of those are still places. You cannot be travelled to, reached or accessed through any form of space, dimension or concept of 'place'. Targeting you requires transcending location itself.
3039. Lock Mimicry,1.9
#You are or can transform into a lock, or become a body made entirely of locks. In your transformed state you are essentially an inanimate piece of hardware, which is as useful as it sounds most of the time.
3040. Locomotion Compensation,3.0
#Whenever one form of locomotion is removed or limited for you, another is dramatically enhanced to compensate. Lose your legs and your arms can carry you at running speed. Take away your jump and your sprint doubles. Regaining the lost ability strips the compensation.
3041. Locomotive Mimicry,3.2
#You are or can transform into a locomotive, gaining the sheer size, durability and speed of a train alongside features of whatever class you mimic. You are also enormously heavy and may need fuel, rails and a wide turning radius. Getting derailed is a serious problem.
3042. Locust of Abaddon Physiology,6.5
#Book of Revelation - You are or can transform into a Locust of Abaddon, a biblical horror with a human face, lion's teeth, locust body and scorpion tail. Your sting injects a venom that torments victims for months and drives them to beg for death. Your wings sound like war chariots. You may still be bound in service to Abaddon himself.
3043. Logic Adaptation,6.3
#You adapt automatically to the laws of logic and reason in whatever reality you occupy, including logic being actively rewritten in your own. Paradoxes, inverted causality, alien rules of thought, none of them disorient or harm you. Illogical dimensions where there are no rules to adapt to are still a problem.
3044. Logic Embodiment,8.6
#You are the living embodiment of logic itself. You freely redefine what is possible and impossible, ignoring rules as if they never existed, and your comprehension of any situation is effectively instant and total. Beings who transcend logic entirely, such as users of Conceptual Transcendence, can still overcome you.
3045. Logic Immunity,7.6
#You exist separately from logic itself. Physical and metaphysical laws wash over you like they were never written, allowing you to casually perform feats that are fundamentally impossible. Does not grant omnipotence, and Absolute Powers still apply to you regardless.
3046. Logic Independence,8.1
#You exist entirely independent of logic. You can do things without justification, reason, or cause behind them, including defeating infinitely powerful beings for no explicable reason. Unlike manipulation, you are not bending logic; you simply transcend it and act anyway. Absolute and Almighty Powers can still affect you.
3047. Lollipop Mimicry,1.9
#Allows you to transform your body, partially or fully, into lollipops. In this form you are effectively made of candy, which means you can be melted by fire and heat and are, unfortunately, edible.
3048. Loneliness Embodiment,5.2
#You are the living embodiment of loneliness and isolation. You care only for yourself and are unburdened by emotional ties, granting you an immensely strong will of survival. You can spawn lesser beings from yourself for company without it counting as companionship, as they are merely extensions of you. Vulnerable to Friendship Embodiment.
3049. Loneliness Empowerment,3.5
#You grow stronger, faster, and more durable from the loneliness of yourself and others. The more isolated and disconnected the beings around you are, the more your power swells, and some users can draw sustenance from the lack of bonds themselves and even slow their aging.
3050. Long Limbs,1.3
#You have disproportionately long limbs. Great for reaching things on top of the fridge, awkward for buying clothes that fit.
3051. Ageless Longevity,5.3
#You do not age at all. Your body remains frozen in its physical prime, unaffected by the passage of time, and you are immune to abilities that try to force age upon you such as Age Acceleration or Reversal. You are still vulnerable to everything else, from disease to mortal wounds.
3052. Love Derivation,8.7
#You are the source of all love in existence, the primordial force behind every form of romance, intimacy, friendship, and parental bond across cosmic and universal scales. As long as you exist, love exists, and you have total dominion over all powers connected to it. If you die, every form of love in the cosmos dies with you, and you cannot escape this role without passing it to a successor.
3053. Love Embodiment,6.5
#You are the living manifestation of love itself, feeding off the love of everyone and everything including yourself. You can convert love into raw energy to extend your lifespan or use it as a weapon, you may never age, and you may be immune to death unless very specific conditions are met. Users of Apathy and Indomitable Will can resist you.
3054. Love Empowerment,3.6
#You grow stronger, faster, and more durable through the love of yourself and others, potentially unlocking new abilities tied to affection. Some users can even draw sustenance directly from love. A life without love leaves you powerless, and you can be matched by users of Hatred Empowerment.
3055. Low Health Compensation,3.6
#When your health drops critically low, your physical and mental parameters all receive a massive boost, granting you a last-stand surge of strength, speed, durability and combat instinct. You can still be defeated, but anyone who brings you to the brink is in for a nasty surprise.
3056. Low Power Activity,3.4
#Allows you to keep performing any action, attack or technique no matter how low your energy reserves are, preventing them from being completely drained. You still need to be careful since overexertion may exhaust you anyway, but you will not simply collapse mid-fight from running out.
3057. Lower Consciousness,5.2
#Your mind is spread throughout every part of your being, from every cell to every strand of hair. Each component of your body has a small "will" of its own guided by your central mind, allowing for coordinated prehensile movement throughout. The depth can reach microscopic scales with training. Your "hub" mind is still a weak point, however.
3058. Loyalty Empowerment,4.2
#You grow stronger, faster and more durable from loyalty in all its forms, personal, familial, group, national. You may draw sustenance directly from the devotion of others and even slow your aging with enough followers. Users of Treachery Embodiment are immune to your boosted prowess.
3059. Luck Derivation,8.1
#You are the source and conductor of all luck in your reality, both good and bad. All fortune flows through you and you can infuse, bestow and redirect luck energy freely across the cosmos. You cannot escape this role without passing it to another, and if you die, all luck in existence simply stops.
3060. Luck Embodiment,8.4
#You are the living personification of luck itself, the physical representation of chance and probability on every level. Every form of fortune, good and bad, falls under your limitless control. Coincidence is not a force that happens to you, it is a force that is you.
3061. Luck Empowerment,3.7
#You grow stronger, faster and more durable when you come into contact with luck, whether good or bad. You can draw sustenance from fortune itself and may even slow your aging as long as luck flows around you. Some users are only empowered by specific types of luck.
3062. Absolute Luck,9.3
#You possess an inescapable blessing of limitless, transcendent luck so profound it warps the very structure of reality around you. You defy causality, walk away from impossible odds, and craft your own destiny just by existing. Unbeatable enemies stumble, impossible victories become routine, and no force within your universe can bring you anything but fortune.
3063. Luck,7.8
#You are impossibly, continuously lucky. Things just work out for you, no matter how dire the situation or how stacked the odds. Falling off a skyscraper? A truck full of mattresses happens to be passing by. The power is mostly subconscious and hard to actively press, and Coincidence Nullification is its hard counter, but in almost every other situation you are effectively untouchable by causality.
3064. Lumbar Wing Manifestation,3.2
#You have, or can manifest at will, a pair of wings growing from your lower back or waist. Primarily used for flight, they also significantly enhance your speed, balance and agility. May or may not be retractable, and you might want to invest in some warm clothing for higher altitudes.
3065. Lunar Embodiment,7.6
#You embody the moon itself, possessing its key physical and personal traits. You can move the moon at will, induce nighttime, draw upon every energy and concept ever associated with lunar objects, and personify the moon's literary and mythological roles. Due to the limitless range of what humans have projected onto the moon, an embodiment's power ceiling is staggering.
3066. Lunar Empowerment,4.3
#You become stronger, faster and more durable whenever you are in contact with a moon, moonlight or lunar energy, possibly unlocking entirely new abilities and slowing your aging. You may be weaker during the day or at a new moon, and strongest under a full moon hanging directly overhead.
3067. Lunar Entity Physiology,5.2
#You are or can transform into a lunar entity, a supernatural spirit associated with the moon and its energies. In this form you gain natural command of lunar energies and the presence of a being only half-tethered to the material world. Your power may be limited on Earth, with your full strength only accessible when close to the moon itself.
3068. Lunar Immunity,3.5
#You are completely invulnerable to lunar energy in all its forms, direct and indirect. Moonlight cannot touch you, which means lycanthropy, lunar madness, moon-induced dreaming, forced sleep and illusions all fail against you. May not extend to esoteric moon concepts, and solar energy can still cook you as normal.
3069. Lunar Power Link,5.2
#Your lunar essence is directly connected to your powers, with the moon fueling and strengthening everything you do. Your abilities scale with the power of the moon, but may become unstable or go out of control when the moon itself is disturbed.
3070. Lunar Presence,5.7
#Your mere presence is the same as that of the moon itself, producing lunar energies that shape the environment around you as a moon would. Plants may grow under your light, waters may flood and freeze, and tides may follow your footsteps. Stronger emotions can distort the field.
3071. Lunar Symbiosis,5.8
#You share a symbiotic bond with a lunar being or the essence of a moon, absorbing its energy to enhance your abilities and wield its supernatural powers. Both host and moon benefit from each other's state, but if sentient, the moon could take over your mind or body.
3072. Lunarian Physiology,5.4
#You are a Lunarian, an alien life form native to a moon rather than a planet. Your physiology is alien and suited to the harsh lunar environment, granting you inhuman resilience and capabilities, though you may struggle to survive far from your home moon.
3074. Absolute Lung Capacity,8.6
#Your lung capacity is transcendent and limitless, allowing you to hold your breath indefinitely, inhale or exhale endlessly, draw in anything and everything with a single breath, and survive even total deoxygenation. A single exhale could birth hurricanes, and a deep enough inhale could swallow an ocean.
3075. Enhanced Lung Capacity,2.2
#Your lungs are more efficient than a normal human's, allowing you to hold your breath for up to two or three hours at a time. You may even have birdlike lungs, keeping fresh air cycling constantly. You still need to breathe eventually.
3076. Supernatural Lung Capacity,4.7
#Your lung capacity is vastly superior to almost every other being in your universe, letting you hold your breath for absurd stretches of time, from hours to centuries depending on your stature. You will still need to breathe eventually.
3077. Peak Lung Capacity,2.8
#Your lung capacity is at the pinnacle of human potential without crossing into the superhuman. You can hold your breath for 30 to 60 minutes even while active underwater, or a full minute in the vacuum of space. Your larger lungs also let you produce a loud, carrying roar.
3078. Lunglessness,3.0
#You lack lungs entirely, yet function as if you still had them, able to live and even breathe without them. Freed from their constraints you may achieve feats that lunged beings cannot, such as not needing to breathe at all.
3079. Lure Protrusion,2.6
#You grow or possess a lure-like appendage that can vary greatly in appearance. The lure can be used to entice, distract or fool targets, much like the glowing bait of an anglerfish.
3080. Lust Derivation,9.0
#You are the source of absolute lust in every living being everywhere, at cosmic and universal scales. All libido, bloodlust, ambition, fervor, dark hungers and deep thirsts flow from you. Should you die, all lust in the cosmos would simply stop, so the force itself clings to your existence and cannot be escaped without passing it to another.
3081. Lust Embodiment,7.4
#You embody lust itself, every strong craving and longing, from sexual desire to bloodlust and beyond. You draw power from the lust of everyone around you and your own, converting it into energy that you can wield as a weapon or use to extend your lifespan.
3082. Lutrinae Physiology,2.8
#You are or can transform into an otter, either partially or fully. You gain incredible swimming ability, dexterous paws, a playful disposition, and the insulating fur to thrive in cold waters.
3083. Lycanthropy Immunity,1.6
#You are completely immune to lycanthropy. No bite, scratch, curse, or ritual can turn you into a werewolf. Very niche unless you live in a supernatural setting.
3084. Lynx Physiology,2.9
#You are or can transform into a lynx, either partially or fully. You gain incredible night vision, silent paws, powerful hind legs for pouncing, and the sharp senses of an apex ambush predator.
3085. Lynxfolk Physiology,3.2
#You are a lynxfolk, a humanoid lynx hybrid. You possess enhanced agility, night vision, retractable claws, tufted ears with amplified hearing, and the natural grace and stealth of a feline predator in a bipedal form.
3086. Machine Soul,4.6
#Your soul is technological in nature, granting you a near-limitless life force and innate access to a vast array of mechanical abilities and technological skills. You can interface with machines as naturally as breathing. Strong electromagnetic waves, however, can disrupt or even kill you.
3087. Madness Embodiment,6.5
#You are the living embodiment of madness and insanity itself. You feed on the insanity of everyone and everything, including yourself, converting it into raw energy and life force. You may never age and may be immune to death itself, but you are dangerously unstable and owe allegiance to nothing.
3088. Maenad Physiology,5.1
#Greek Mythology - You are or can transform into a Maenad, one of the frenzied nymph-followers of Dionysus. You gain supernatural strength, ecstatic frenzy that makes you nearly unstoppable in combat, command over wild beasts, and access to intoxicating divine madness. You are vulnerable to divine slayers and to your own feral mind.
3089. Magic Adaptation,4.8
#Your body adapts to any form of magic or magical environment, negating magical effects that would harm you. Prolonged exposure only makes you stronger against that type of magic. May only apply to certain forms of magic.
3090. Magic Conduit,4.7
#Your body is a natural conduit for magical energy, able to channel the essence of magic itself through yourself to gain its abilities and knowledge. You serve as a living link between the magical realm and the physical world, though the magic flowing through you may have negative effects over time.
3091. Magic Derivation,9.3
#You are the primordial source of all magic in every living being, across cosmic and universal scales. As long as you exist, magic exists; every spell ever cast is a downstream echo of you. If you die, all magic everywhere ceases along with you, and every magical entity in your plane of existence dies with it.
3092. Magic Embodiment,9.5
#You are the physical personification of all forms of Magic, the living incarnation of the Arcane itself. You wield limitless control over every school, system, and form of magic across existence, and your will is essentially magic's will. There is no spell you cannot cast and no magical effect beyond your command.
3093. Magic Empowerment,3.9
#You become stronger, faster and more durable when in contact with magic, whether your own or someone else's. Extended exposure can unlock related abilities, enhance existing ones, and even slow your aging. Too much magical energy at once can overload you.
3094. Magic Hybrid Physiology,4.1
#You are a magical hybrid, a fusion between two mystical species or between a mundane being and a magical one. You inherit traits and magical abilities from both sides of your lineage, although you may not reach the full strength of either parent.
3095. Magic Immunity,5.4
#You are immune to magic and magical effects, spells, curses, potions and incantations slide off you as if they never existed. With practice, you can selectively allow beneficial magic like healing to affect you, but at base you are a null zone for all arcane influence.
3096. Magic Intangibility,4.6
#Magic cannot feel you. Magical traps, wards, detection spells and enchanted objects simply fail to register your presence, making you a ghost to the arcane. Meta Magic and Almighty Magic can still pick you up.
3097. Magic Metabolization,3.8
#You can feed off magic, consuming spells, mana, and magical energy to fuel your body and powers. You can drink potions like soda, eat enchantments off weapons, and survive indefinitely in a mana-rich environment. Overconsumption may cause arcane indigestion.
3098. Magic Power,5.3
#You possess magical power as a core part of your being, an endless wellspring of arcane energy flowing through you. This raw magical force can be shaped into a wide variety of magical feats over time, granting you access to spells, enhancements, and supernatural phenomena. You are bound by magical laws unless you transcend them.
3099. Magic Transcendence,8.6
#Your powers exist beyond the laws and scope of magic itself. Anti-magic, magic negation and magical rules simply do not apply to you, allowing you to perform feats that contradict the very logic of whatever magic system you encounter. Magic users will find their counters utterly useless against you.
3100. Magica Infinitum,7.8
#Your magical power and potential grow endlessly over time with no upper limit. Given enough time you can perform any feat imaginable, as your raw magical reserves keep climbing forever. You may struggle to regulate this growth, and overly rapid increases risk self-destruction.
3101. Magical Alien Physiology,5.7
#You are or can transform into an extraterrestrial being that also happens to be a magical entity, combining alien biology with innate mystical talent. Your body is modified through magical means, granting enhanced intelligence and capabilities beyond normal aliens. Still vulnerable to anti-magic and higher beings.
3102. Magical Animal Physiology,4.2
#You are or can transform into an animal that also doubles as a magical being. Unlike mythical creatures, you are a regular animal that has gained the ability to wield magic, granting you human level intelligence, anthropomorphic traits and arcane spellcasting on top of your beastly form.
3103. Magical Arm,3.7
#One or both of your arms are imbued with magical properties, acting as a natural conduit for supernatural powers. You can channel spells and mystical effects through them with far greater ease than a normal mage. Lose the arm and you lose the ability.
3104. Magical Blood,4.4
#Your blood is inherently magical, granting you access to various mystical abilities that you channel through it. You can use your blood as a casting medium, an offensive weapon, or a ritual component. Overuse will weaken or kill you, and blood absorption or magic negation is a hard counter.
3105. Magical Divinity,7.3
#You are a divine being through magical means, possessing godlike raw power and the status that comes with it. Whether through ancestry, transformation, faith or stolen divinity, you stand above mortals as a deity of the mystical arts. Divinity nullification, magic negation and divine slayers remain your few vulnerabilities.
3106. Magical Energy Mimicry,5.8
#Your body is made of or can transform into pure magical energy. You can maintain your normal anatomical form, shift into homogeneous mana, or let the energy flow through your physical body to fortify cells, bones and muscles. Magic immunity renders you harmless and magic negation is potentially fatal.
3107. Magical Entity Physiology,6.0
#You are a pure magical entity by nature, wielding magic innately rather than learning it as a craft. Your body and soul are woven from magic itself, giving you far greater talent and power than any mere mage. Anti-magic, magic immunity and shapeshifting negation are your few true weaknesses.
3108. Magical Feathers,3.0
#Your feathers - whether growing from wings, scattered across your body, or simply carried as objects - are magical in nature, each capable of various mystical effects. Throw them as charms, scatter them as spell components, or let them fall as a blessing. You have a limited number available.
3109. Magical Hair,3.3
#Your hair is imbued with magical properties, allowing you to cast spells through strands of it. You can weave hair into sigils, use it as a spell focus, or let it serve as an extension of your magical reach. If your hair is cut or shaved, the power is nullified until it grows back.
3110. Magical Heart,3.8
#Your heart is a heart of magic, allowing you to possess magical capabilities even without being practiced in the arts yourself. You passively generate magical energy and can channel it through your body for various effects, though the heart itself can still be removed or targeted.
3111. Magical Machine Physiology,5.2
#You are, or can transform into, a machine that doubles as a magical being. Your body possesses enhanced intelligence, genuine emotions, and mechanical components that defy conventional physics thanks to your arcane nature. You can be modified through magical means and enchanted like an artifact.
3112. Magical Object Mimicry,4.7
#You are, or can transform into, a sentient object that doubles as a magical being. As this object you possess enhanced intelligence, human emotions and a form that can be modified through magical means, letting you masquerade as a harmless item or fight as an enchanted artifact with a mind of its own.
3113. Magical Plant Physiology,4.6
#You are, or can transform into, a sentient magical plant. Your body possesses enhanced intelligence, emotions, and photosynthetic magic that lets you regenerate in sunlight, sprout weapons of bark and thorn, and carry enchantments through your very sap.
3114. Magical Quintessence,6.2
#Your body generates its own magical energy infinitely and indefinitely, never needing to draw from ambient mana. This limitless wellspring can fuel spellcasting, enhance your body to superhuman levels, or power any magical invention you touch. While generation is infinite, your capacity to channel it at once is still limited by your skill.
3115. Magical Symbiosis,5.1
#Allows you to host magical entities inside your body, be they mana beings, arcane creatures or the souls of witches and warlocks. In exchange you gain access to their spells and arcane knowledge, though a powerful entity may try to possess you, harm you, or even burn your body out from the inside.
3116. Magical Tears,2.8
#Your tears are imbued with magical properties, producing various effects when they touch objects or people. Could heal, curse, enchant or transform depending on the nature of your magic. You have to actually cry for them to work, which is not very practical in combat.
3117. Magitek Physiology,6.2
#Your body is a living fusion of magic and technology, possessing the advantages of both a magically enhanced and a technologically augmented form. You gain physical capabilities and supernatural faculties neither form could achieve alone. Unfortunately, you may be hackable as well as vulnerable to anti-magic.
3118. Magma Breathing,3.0
#You can treat lava as a breathable substance, breathing it in and out as easily as air. You could potentially swim through molten rock like it was water, though this power is largely useless if you do not also possess Lava Immunity.
3119. Magma Embodiment,6.6
#You are the physical manifestation and personification of magma itself. You possess limitless control over and complete immunity to all forms of molten rock, from volcanic eruptions to the mantle of a dying world. May be vulnerable to overwhelming ice or cold.
3120. Magma Immunity,3.2
#You are completely immune to magma and lava, capable of bathing in it without harm. You could take a dip in an active volcano's chamber and come out fine, though extremely cold environments may still leave you vulnerable.
3121. Magma Mimicry,5.0
#Allows you to transform your body fully or partially into magma, retaining your anatomy or becoming homogenous molten matter entirely. In this form you wield total control over magma, though cold and water remain highly effective against you.
3122. Magnet Empowerment,2.4
#Your physical capabilities are enhanced in the presence of magnets, making you stronger, faster, and more durable the closer you are to them. With enough exposure you may draw sustenance from them and even slow your aging, but without a magnet nearby you weaken considerably.
3123. Magnet Mimicry,3.6
#You can transform your body into living magnet, either retaining your full anatomy in metallic form or becoming homogeneous matter with no vital organs to exploit. You may find yourself stuck in magnet form if you lack the training to revert.
3124. Magnetic Skin,2.3
#Your skin has the qualities of a magnet, able to adhere to and conduct ferrous metals on contact. With training you can toggle it on and off, otherwise you'll be picking paperclips off yourself all day. Sensitive to EM disturbances and lightning storms.
3125. Magnetically Enhanced Condition,4.3
#You can use magnetism to enhance your physical and mental capabilities, drawing on your own magnetic field or absorbing it from external sources. Strength, speed, reflexes and cognition all scale with how much magnetism you can safely channel. Overloading yourself will make you violently sick.
3126. Magnetism Embodiment,7.4
#You are the living embodiment of magnetism itself, a walking personification of the magnetic force. You have limitless control over it and complete immunity to its effects. Non-ferrous matter is harder to affect directly, and you may be weak to purer electromagnetism, but within your domain you are functionally unmatched.
3127. Magnetism Empowerment,3.7
#You grow stronger in the presence of magnetism and magnetic fields, drawing power, stamina, and possibly sustenance from them. Prolonged exposure may even slow your aging. Demagnetization effects will cripple you.
3128. Magnetism Immunity,3.0
#You are immune to magnetism in all its direct and indirect forms, making magnetic attacks and effects completely ineffective against you. Above a certain magnitude it may start to leak through, and absolute counters like Power Negation still bypass it.
3129. Magnetism Mimicry,5.4
#Your body is made of or can transform into pure magnetism and magnetic fields. In full form you lose ordinary anatomy, becoming homogeneous magnetic matter, while in partial form magnetism flows through your cells, bones and muscles to reinforce them. Opposing electromagnetic fields can overcome you, and non-ferrous cages can contain you.
3130. Magnetokinetic Regeneration,4.4
#Allows you to regenerate your body using magnetism, with the volume of magnetic energy consumed dictating the speed of healing. You need either to generate magnetism yourself or draw it from external sources. A lifeline for any magnetism-based combatant.
3131. Maize Mimicry,1.4
#Allows you to transform your body partially or fully into maize. Your transformed form retains your anatomy but is made of corn, making you vulnerable to being eaten, trampled, or popped. Decent for hiding in cornfields.
3132. Makuragaeshi Physiology,2.6
#You are or can transform into a Makuragaeshi, a mischievous youkai cousin of the Zashiki-Warashi. You gain supernatural stealth, the ability to slip through homes unnoticed, and at higher mastery can induce nightmares and sleep paralysis in sleeping targets. Vulnerable to Shinto rites and household deities.
3133. Malevorous,5.7
#You feed on the darkness in people's hearts, gaining boosts to strength, speed, stamina and durability proportional to the level of malice in your foes. The power automatically scans the most malicious intent in the room and feasts, so the worse your enemy is, the stronger you become. Worthless against the purely good or the innocent.
3134. Malora Physiology,4.0
#You are or can transform into a Malora, the headless fire-mule of South American folklore, a cursed woman damned for her romance with a priest. The transformation activates at the full moon and ends at sunrise, cloaking you in fire and granting the body of an equine beast. You may lose coherence and sentience as the curse makes you more wild and aggressive with each change.
3135. Mammalfolk Physiology,3.2
#You are a mammalfolk, a humanoid creature with the traits and appearance of a mammal. Commonly taking the form of lion or wolf people, though any mammal is possible, you inherit the strengths, senses and instincts of your particular mammalian heritage.
3136. Mammalian Monster Physiology,3.7
#You are or can transform into a mammalian monster, a warm-blooded beast of nightmare proportions. Whether hairy or bald, you possess the enhanced physical traits and predatory instincts of a creature humans were never meant to meet.
3137. Mammalian Physiology,3.0
#You are or can mimic and transform into mammals, warm-blooded animals with complex brains and adaptive bodies. You gain their senses, instincts and physical traits, though you may inherit their fears, diets and desires along with them.
3138. Mammoth Physiology,3.3
#You are or can transform into a woolly mammoth, granting immense strength, a sturdy hide, thick fur, and natural resistance to the cold. A tusked juggernaut built for the ice age.
3139. Manananggal Physiology,4.2
#You are a Manananggal, a Filipino creature of myth that can sever its upper torso and sprout massive bat wings to fly into the night in search of prey. You possess an elongated proboscis tongue perfect for drinking blood or feasting on the hearts of the unborn. You are weak to garlic, salt, and sunlight, and your lower half left behind is your most vulnerable point.
3140. Mandala Empowerment,4.3
#You grow stronger, faster and more durable in the presence of mandalas, drawing power from their sacred geometry. With enough exposure, you can unlock new abilities tied to their divine resonance, and may even slow your own aging by sustaining yourself on their presence. Without a mandala nearby, you are just a regular person.
3141. Mandrill Physiology,2.3
#You are or can transform into a mandrill or baboon, gaining their physical strength, nimble limbs and surprisingly vicious fangs. A mandrill's bite force is no joke and neither is their colorful display.
3142. Maned Wolf Physiology,2.1
#You are or can transform into a maned wolf, the tall stilt-legged canid of South America. You gain their long-legged running ability, keen senses and that distinctive foxy musk that smells uncannily like cannabis.
3143. Maneki-Neko Physiology,3.2
#You are or can transform into a maneki-neko, the beckoning cat figurine of Japanese tradition. In this form you passively draw good luck and fortune toward your owner or those around you, and can animate despite being made of ceramic or porcelain.
3144. Manidae Physiology,3.0
#You are or can transform into a pangolin, gaining its iconic overlapping keratin scales that function like armor plating, strong digging claws and a long sticky tongue for insectivorous feeding. Your ability to curl into a near impenetrable ball makes you remarkably difficult to harm in your transformed state.
3145. Manifested Empowerment,4.4
#You grow stronger, faster and more durable in the presence of manifested power, drawing strength from any shaped technique or materialized force nearby. With enough exposure you can unlock new abilities tied to the affinity and even slow your aging by feeding on manifestations, but without them you are just baseline.
3146. Mannendake Physiology,3.2
#You are or can transform into a Yokai-Mannendake, living stalks of bamboo that drain the life force of travelers who get lost in your forest. Your body is flexible yet harder than steel, and you can siphon vitality from anyone who wanders too close.
3147. Mannequin Mimicry,2.6
#Your body has the properties and likeness of a mannequin. You can hold impossible poses indefinitely, feel no pain, and blend seamlessly into any clothing display, though your joints only bend where the sculptor decided.
3148. Manticore Physiology,4.2
#You are or can transform into a manticore, a mythical beast with the body of a lion, a humanoid face with three rows of shark-like teeth and a tail of either dragon or scorpion that shoots paralyzing venomous spines. You may develop an appetite for human flesh.
3149. Mantis Physiology,3.1
#You are or can transform into a mantis, gaining incredible reflexes, scything forelimbs capable of snapping prey in half, and near-invisible stillness. If you manifest as female, flight may be off the table.
3150. Map Mimicry,1.4
#You are or can transform into a map. Useful for hiding in plain sight in a glove compartment, but if you're made of paper you burn and tear just like the real thing.
3151. Mapinguari Physiology,4.0
#You are or can transform into a Mapinguari, the Brazilian Bigfoot resembling a giant ground sloth capable of eating people alive. You possess immense strength, durability and endurance, though you are slow-moving and your belly button is a glaring weak point.
3152. Mari Lwyd Physiology,4.3
#You are or can transform into the Mari Lwyd, a skeletal horse spirit of Welsh folklore that prowls streets during Christmas and New Year's. You appear in a draping white cloak with glowing eyes and can challenge households to rhyming battles they cannot refuse, gaining strength during the holiday season.
3153. Marid Physiology,5.8
#You are or can transform into a marid, the most powerful type of jinn, associated with the open waters of seas and oceans. You wield immense water-based powers and may grant wishes, though you are susceptible to magic, can potentially be enslaved, and your considerable arrogance can be turned against you.
3154. Marionette Mimicry,2.8
#You are or can transform into a marionette, typically made of wood and operated by wires connected to your limbs. You are vulnerable to fire and heat, and if your strings are visible an enemy could grab them to puppet you right back.
3155. Marionette Motion,3.2
#You move oddly and jerkily as if controlled by invisible strings, your body bending and floating in ways anatomy and gravity should forbid. Genuinely terrifying to witness, grants unpredictable combat motion, and might be permanent whether you want it or not.
3156. Maritime Adaptation,3.3
#Your body is perfectly adapted to maritime environments like islands, coastlines and the open sea. You tolerate extreme weather, require little food or water, shrug off heat and salt spray alike, and may develop coloration that blends into coastal environments.
3157. Marshmallow Mimicry,2.2
#You are or can transform your body into marshmallow, either keeping your anatomy intact or becoming homogeneous fluff. You are bouncy and cushioned, but sensitive to heat and technically edible to anyone hungry enough.
3158. Marshmallow Monster Physiology,2.9
#You are or can transform into a marshmallow monster, towering, squishy and surprisingly menacing. You can be eaten, controlled by users of Marshmallow Manipulation, and are a prime target for Monster Slayers, but on a good day you're basically Stay Puft.
3159. Marsupial Physiology,3.1
#You are or can transform into a marsupial such as a kangaroo, wombat, opossum or koala. You gain the traits of your chosen form, from kangaroo kicks that can kill to the sheer obstinate durability of a wombat.
3160. Marsupialianoid Physiology,3.4
#You are or can transform into a marsupialianoid, a humanoid hybrid race bearing marsupial traits. You retain human intelligence and dexterity while gaining kangaroo legs, a pouch, or the jaws of a Tasmanian devil depending on which branch you embody.
3161. Martial Arts Empowerment,4.2
#Whenever you practice or engage in martial arts, your body is empowered - becoming stronger, faster and tougher the longer you fight. Prolonged mastery may even slow your aging and let you draw sustenance from the forms themselves. Requires you to actually know martial arts to benefit.
3162. Martian Physiology,5.8
#DC - You are (or can transform into) a Martian, the catch-all alien species from Mars. Depending on the roll you could end up with shapeshifting, telepathy, flight and density control like a White/Green Martian, or simply be a little green goblin with a ray gun. Fire is almost always a weakness regardless.
3163. Masculinity Aspect Manifestation,5.2
#You embody the conceptual traits of masculinity - courage, physical prowess, stoicism, protection. You draw power from acting in accordance with these ideals, growing stronger when you bear burdens, defend others or face danger without flinching. The specific aspects that empower you depend on what culture defines as 'manly' in your setting.
3164. Mask Mimicry,3.8
#Your body is made of masks, or can transform into such. In your mask form your anatomy is fully intact but composed entirely of layered masks of any material you choose. You may sometimes find it hard to tell where 'you' end and the masks begin.
3165. Masochism Embodiment,6.5
#You are the embodiment of masochism. Every bit of pain, injury and suffering inflicted on you - physical, mental or spiritual - feeds you pleasure and power. The more you are hurt, the stronger you become, making conventional attacks not just useless but actively counterproductive. Powerless against painless forms of death like instant kills or soul erasure.
3166. Massless Body Parts,3.6
#Some or all of your body parts possess near-zero mass, letting you move them with absurd speed and precision. Your fists can blur faster than sound and your legs tire less from carrying nothing. However currents, sticky substances and certain forces can yank your limbs around far too easily.
3167. Mastered Activity,5.2
#You can perform advanced or master-level actions, moves and maneuvers with little to no training. Pick up a violin and play a concerto, step onto a racetrack and drive like a veteran, wield a sword you have never held before like it's a part of you. You still need to put in some effort, but years of practice are compressed into minutes.
3168. Matagot Physiology,3.8
#You are a Matagot, a spirit from French folklore that appears as a black cat, rat, fox, dog or crow. You possess minor spirit abilities and, if fed and treated properly by a magician you bond with, you provide them with a single gold coin every day. You can be warded off by certain rituals and holy relics.
3169. Matchstick Mimicry,2.1
#Allows you to transform into or become made entirely of matchsticks, either retaining your anatomy in matchstick form or becoming homogeneous matter. Useful for squeezing through cracks and reshaping yourself, but water and wind users can make short work of you.
3170. Material Strength Defiance,4.2
#Allows you to ignore the property of material strength on your own body, letting you stretch and deform your flesh and bones far beyond their normal limits without permanent damage. You can turn rubbery and snap back into shape, though raw physical force still affects you normally.
3171. Matinta Pereira Physiology,3.2
#Brazilian Folklore - You take on the traits of the Matinta-Pereira, a birdlike creature that appears as an elderly woman or a striped cuckoo. You gain enhanced senses, flight as the bird form, and a taste for human blood. Weak to iron, loud noises, and the spoken name of any god while transformed.
3172. Matter Change Defiance,4.2
#Your body defies both physical and chemical changes in matter. You can walk through fire, wade through molten metal, or sit in boiling acid and your flesh simply refuses to burn, melt, or react. Does not protect against forces like gravity or kinetic impact, and extreme scale changes may overwhelm it.
3173. Matter Ingestion,3.2
#You can eat absolutely anything without harmful effect, be it solid, liquid, or gas. Rocks, acid, poison, metal, radioactive waste - it all goes down and digests fine. Doesn't grant special nutrition from it, and there's still a limit to how much you can physically fit.
3174. Matter Power Link,4.2
#Your powers are directly linked to the matter in and around you, drawing on physical substance as fuel and allowing material to reinforce and amplify your abilities. The stronger or denser the matter nearby, the more potent your powers become. Unstable states of matter can cause your powers to misfire.
3175. Matter State Immunity,4.3
#You are immune to all matter state transitions imposed on you. You cannot be frozen, melted, evaporated, condensed, sublimated, or otherwise phase-shifted. Your body stays exactly the state it is regardless of temperature, pressure, or supernatural effect. May be bypassed by absolute negation powers.
3176. Maximum Bodily Capacity,4.5
#Your body runs at 100% of its biological potential at all times, every muscle, organ and nerve firing at peak efficiency. You outperform anyone at Peak Human Condition by a comfortable margin. Extended overuse may begin to deteriorate your bodily systems if you don't let them rest.
3177. Maximum Brain Capacity,4.7
#You use 100% of your brain at all times, gaining extended knowledge, hyper-efficient mental processing and ways of thinking you could never have understood before. Excessive absorption of information may trigger psychotic breakdowns as your mind tries to process more than it can hold.
3178. Maximum Concentration Capacity,4.2
#You can channel 100% of your concentration into any task, processing information at near-instant speed, shutting out all distraction and committing everything to memory with perfect recall. Your mind becomes a razor, though the intense focus may drain your stamina considerably.
3179. Maximum Muscle Usage,4.0
#Your muscles can exert 100% of their maximum capacity, whereas regular humans can only pull off about 30% without tearing themselves apart. You need the durability to back it up and careless use will accelerate lactic acid build-up, tiring you much faster than usual.
3180. Mazoku Physiology,5.2
#Allows you to transform into a Mazoku, a supernatural being from Japanese mythology. You gain considerable demonic power, enhanced physical stats and supernatural senses, though the exact flavor depends on your ruling maō. Weak against holy powers and Angel Physiology users.
3181. Mazzikin Physiology,3.8
#Allows you to transform into a Mazzikin, an invisible demon from Jewish folklore. You gain natural invisibility, a penchant for mischief and the capacity for larger destruction when provoked. Modern versions favor the winged succubus form. May be warded off by Jewish rituals and holy relics.
3182. Mbwiri Physiology,3.4
#Allows you to transform into a Mbwiri, a possessing demon from Central African folklore. You can possess victims and induce epileptic fits, wild uncontrollable dancing and even madness. Central African shamans know the ritual to drive you out and holy relics may ward you off.
3183. Meat Mimicry,2.9
#Your body is made of meat, or can transform into it at will. You can become anatomically identical to a normal human but made of pure meat, or a homogenous fleshy mass with no vital points. Unfortunately, you are now quite edible and carnivores will find you fascinating.
3184. Meatball Mimicry,1.4
#Your body is made of or can transform into meatballs. You can be anatomically identical to your normal form but rendered entirely in meatballs, or a homogenous pile of them. You might get eaten, especially at Italian restaurants.
3185. Mecha Bond,4.6
#You share a symbiotic bond with your mecha that connects you as if you were a single being. Through this bond you both gain new and powerful abilities that go beyond the mecha's original design, scaling with your determination and the machine's frame. Weak against Bond Destruction.
3186. Mecha Mimicry,5.0
#Allows you to transform into a mecha, a biomorphic humanoid robot far larger than any human with a varying arsenal of weaponry and support systems. You may need a pilot to move around and severe damage to internal systems such as your power core may destroy you.
3187. Mechagenoform,7.4
#Your body is a perfect fusion of mechanical, biological and conscious systems, allowing you to absorb any other system into yourself to evolve, adapt and develop indefinitely. Given enough time you become effectively unbeatable. The longer you enmesh with the collective, the greater the risk of being subsumed by it.
3188. Mechanical Fan Mimicry,0.7
#Allows you to transform into a mechanical fan. Yes, the rotating blade kind you plug into the wall. Dependent on electricity to function and you might not be able to transform back.
3189. Mechanical Regeneration,3.5
#Your mechanical parts self-repair via advanced technology, reassembling from damage and even letting you subtly improve their design during the process. Regeneration takes time and leaves you vulnerable, and some forms of damage may be beyond what your internal repair systems can handle.
3190. Mechanical Symbiosis,4.7
#You host a mechanical/technological entity within your body, gaining powers based on its nature, grafted weapons, nanites, full automatons, futuristic alien armaments sprouting from your flesh. Can also grant you the ability to interface with machines directly. The entity may try to possess you, your body may reject it, or it may simply be too powerful and destroy you.
3191. Mechanical Wing Manifestation,3.3
#You possess or can manifest wings made from mechanics and technology, usable for flight, as offensive weapons, or as shields to block incoming attacks. Being mostly metal they are vulnerable to fire and heat, and you may need to endure cold and altitude if you fly high enough.
3192. Media Embodiment,7.8
#You are the embodiment of Media itself, the personification of television, the internet, radio and every channel through which information flows. You possess near-limitless control over all forms of media, able to rewrite broadcasts, flood networks, or vanish from every record in existence with a thought.
3193. Medicine Empowerment,3.9
#You grow stronger, faster and more durable the more medicine and medical equipment is around you, possibly drawing sustenance from them or slowing your aging. In a sterile room stocked with supplies you are at your peak, in a barren wasteland with nothing pharmaceutical nearby you are at your weakest.
3194. Meditation Empowerment,3.8
#You grow stronger, faster and more durable the more you meditate, each session deepening your reserves and unlocking abilities tied to your inner stillness. Some users stop aging entirely through meditation, but it requires immense patience and mental fortitude to reach those heights.
3195. Megacephaloid Physiology,4.6
#Your head is disproportionately massive, housing an oversized brain that grants you most if not all mind-based superpowers, from telepathy to psychokinesis. The downside is that your body struggles to carry the weight, leaving you physically frail and slow, and you may find yourself sliding into megalomania.
3196. Melancholy Embodiment,6.2
#You are the living embodiment of sorrow itself. Your power scales with the sadness within you and around you, allowing you to manipulate and induce melancholy in others to devastating degrees, even lethally. The cost is that genuine happiness weakens you, and you are discontent no matter the circumstance.
3197. Enhanced Melee Strike,2.8
#Your strikes hit noticeably harder than any normal human could manage. Punches crack bone and dent metal, kicks send grown men flying, weapons cleave through what they shouldn't. Can still be countered or overpowered by a stronger force.
3198. Supernatural Melee Strike,4.6
#Your strikes carry supernatural force behind them. Punches shatter boulders, kicks can crumble walls, and weapon strikes cleave through steel like wet paper. You hit on a level well beyond anything physical training alone could produce, outmatched only by absolute-tier attackers.
3199. Melee Strike,2.0
#Your strikes hit at the peak of human capability. A solid punch from you can knock a grown man unconscious, fracture bone, dent steel doors, and a good kick can put someone clean through a brick wall. No supernatural force, just refined, devastating physicality.
3200. Meliad Physiology,5.7
#You are a Meliad, a nymph and minor goddess born from the blood of a god mixing with the earth. You possess divine physiology tied to ash trees and honey, granting you nature-aligned powers, divine resilience, and dominion over the environment surrounding your trees. Vulnerable to divine slayers and anti-deity abilities.
3201. Melting Presence,4.7
#You passively generate a field around you that melts your surroundings. Walls slump, metal runs, floors sag beneath your feet. Being in a room with you is a slow-motion disaster, and you'd better hope you're immune to the consequences of your own aura.
3202. Memetic Embodiment,6.8
#You are or can become a living meme, an idea that propagates through any form of communication: speech, writing, imagery, the internet. You spread like a disease of thought, existing in every mind that hears of you. Memory Erasure is one of the few things that can kill you, and if everyone forgets you, you vanish completely.
3203. Memory Condition,5.6
#Your physical condition scales with the memories you have access to. Every recollection, your own or absorbed from elsewhere, fuels your strength, speed, and durability. A lifetime of experiences makes you merely strong; a library of stolen memories makes you unstoppable.
3204. Memory Embodiment,6.5
#You are the living personification of memory itself. You grow more powerful the more things you remember and the more others rely on their own memories. In a world where the past matters, you are a god; in one that forgets, you fade.
3205. Memory Immortality,6.6
#You are immortal so long as memory of you persists somewhere in the world. Even if your body, soul and spirit are utterly destroyed you will reform so long as someone, somewhere, still remembers you. Erase all record of your existence and you die for good.
3206. Memory Physiology,5.3
#Your body is made of memories, either one specific memory or many layered together. You can shift between your normal anatomical form and a homogeneous memory-stuff form, though Memory Destruction and Memory Erasure can wound or even kill you.
3207. Memory Vampirism,4.8
#You sustain yourself and your powers by devouring the memories of others, draining them subtly enough to go unnoticed or hungrily enough to leave a husk. If you go too long without feeding you will begin to wither and die.
3208. Menacing Presence,3.6
#You radiate an overwhelming aura of dread that induces fear in those around you, in severe cases causing hallucinations, insanity, paralysis or even death. Those with strong will can shrug it off and, until you train it, your aura may terrify people you never meant to frighten.
3209. Menninkainen Physiology,3.5
#Allows you to transform into a menninkäinen, a goblin-leprechaun hybrid of Finnish folklore. You love riddles and games and, should you be captured, tradition demands you grant wishes or treasure to your captor. Vulnerable to cold iron and you burn badly in direct sunlight.
3210. Mental Continuation,5.4
#Your mind transcends your body. Even if your physical form is destroyed, your consciousness persists fully aware and self-sustaining, still thinking, remembering and reasoning. You may not be able to interact with the physical world in this state, but no mere death can snuff you out. Only those wielding absolute erasure can truly end you.
3211. Mental Disorder-Based Immunity,3.8
#Your own mental disorder grants you immunity to certain effects. Most commonly, you are so fundamentally insane that mind-affecting powers slide right off you, unable to find purchase in a psyche that already makes no sense. The downside is that you still have to live with the disorder itself, and if anyone ever cures you, the immunity goes with it.
3212. Mental Power Link,3.9
#Your powers are directly fueled by and tied to your mental state. Clear thoughts make for clean, strong techniques. Focused determination amplifies them further. The catch is that unstable emotions produce unstable results, and anyone who can invade your thoughts can also sabotage your abilities.
3213. Mental Presence,7.6
#Your mind exists everywhere and anywhere simultaneously. You are aware of every location, every conversation, every thought being thought, all at once. Your body is still fixed in one place and vulnerable as any other, but your consciousness spans all of existence. Processing this much simultaneous awareness requires a mind built for it.
3214. Mental Regeneration,4.7
#Your mind regenerates from any damage done to it, whether that be brain trauma, disease, memory loss, mind control or psychic alterations. As it mends, you are highly resistant to those same effects. You also recover lost memories, heal mental traumas and grow past old breakdowns. Sufficiently powerful telepaths may still slip past your defenses.
3215. Mental Resistance,3.5
#Your mind itself is tough, not merely shielded. You are nearly invulnerable to mental illnesses, psychic alterations and direct mental attacks, because the substance of your psyche resists them rather than deflecting them. There is still a ceiling on how much you can take before cracks begin to form.
3216. Mephitid Physiology,2.3
#You are or can transform into a skunk, partially or fully. You gain the physical traits of a mephitid, including the infamous spray, which you can unleash as a truly devastating area-denial stink bomb against anyone unlucky enough to be downwind.
3217. Mercury Mimicry,5.2
#Your body is made of or can transform entirely into mercury, retaining your anatomy in liquid metal form or shifting to a homogeneous slurry. You gain mercury's properties, including heat resistance and a form of thermal detection, but also its vulnerabilities to extreme temperatures and its horrific toxicity to anything living that touches you.
3218. Merfolk Physiology,3.7
#You are a mer, possessing a powerful scaled tail, webbed fingers, and gills that let you breathe underwater and swim with incredible grace and speed. You can still function on land but your scales dry out under the sun, and prolonged exposure to heat is genuinely painful.
3219. Merging Immunity,2.6
#You cannot be fused or merged with another being against your will, nor can you get stuck inside objects via botched teleportation or phasing mishaps. The downside is that you also can't intentionally merge even when it would save your life.
3220. Merrow Physiology,3.2
#Irish Folklore - You are a merrow, a type of Irish merfolk. Female merrows are strikingly beautiful while males are famously ugly. You require a magical cap to travel between sea and shore, and if it is stolen you lose your ability to shapeshift. The sea calls to you constantly and the pull home is hard to resist.
3221. Mesmerizing Presence,4.6
#Your very presence is hypnotically enthralling, ensnaring the minds of those who lay eyes upon you. A single glance can draw admiration, devotion, or obsession, and your words carry weight that reshapes beliefs and emotions effortlessly. Those with strong willpower or psychic defenses can resist, and it has no effect on the blind.
3222. Mesoamerican Cuisine Mimicry,2.3
#Your body is made entirely of Mesoamerican cuisine, whether anatomically identical to your normal form or a homogeneous mass of corn and spice. You are still edible, which is exactly as inconvenient as it sounds.
3223. Meta Erasure Immunity,9.3
#You are completely inerasable. Void, oblivion, deletion and nonexistence cannot touch you — even if all of existence itself is wiped out, you continue on as if nothing happened. Your existence is entirely self-contained, requiring no reality or field to reside in, whether you are healthy, damaged, dead or beyond.
3224. Meta Memory,8.6
#You possess the memories of every being that has existed, does exist, and will ever exist, from the origin of all things to their end. Dreams, genetics, muscle memory, the memories of souls, planets, entire universes — all of it lives in your head. You even remember what inanimate objects and elements have 'experienced'.
3225. Metabolism/Absolute,6.2
#Your metabolism is limitless. You cannot gain weight no matter what you eat, you are immune to illness, intoxication and poison, and your body heals at absolute speed. Injuries close before you can finish noticing them, and no toxin can take hold long enough to matter.
3226. Enhanced Metabolism,2.8
#Your metabolism is kicked up several notches, giving you resistance to weight gain, illness, mild injuries and intoxication while also accelerating your healing. Downside is that you need to eat a lot more to keep up.
3227. Supernatural Metabolism,4.2
#Your metabolism is unnaturally accelerated, rendering you glaringly resistant to weight gain, illness, injury and intoxication while giving you a solid healing factor. You will need to eat obscene amounts of food to keep yourself fueled, otherwise you risk rapidly starving.
3228. Metal Empowerment,3.5
#You become stronger, faster, more durable and more resilient when in contact with metal, and may unlock additional metal-affiliated abilities while empowered. At higher levels you can draw sustenance from metal directly and even slow your aging while touching it.
3229. Metal Ingestion,1.8
#You can eat metal with little to no difficulty, chewing through iron, steel and copper like crunchy snacks. Great for disposing of weapons, unsettling dinner guests, or supplementing the nutrients other metal-based powers require.
3230. Metal Mimicry,4.5
#You can transform your body completely into metal, either retaining your anatomy or going fully homogeneous. Your powers and properties change with each metal you mimic, from malleable softness that flexes under blows to unyielding hardness that shrugs them off. You remain vulnerable to magnetism and corrosion like any metal.
3231. Metal Tail,2.3
#You can manifest a tail made of solid metal, useful for whipping enemies, shielding your back, or balancing during acrobatics. Can be retracted at will.
3232. Metal Teeth,2.4
#Your teeth are made of or can transform into solid metal at will, giving you an incredibly powerful bite capable of chewing through steel cables, bone and most materials regular teeth couldn't dream of. Be mindful of rust.
3233. Metal-Eating Growth,3.2
#You can grow larger and stronger by eating metal, with the density and quality of the metal determining how much you gain. You may start out small and have trouble shrinking back down, so pace your meals.
3234. Metallic Blood,3.3
#Your blood is composed of a metallic substance, silver, gold, iron, copper, titanium or steel, allowing you to manipulate it in place of normal blood. Your blood may be poisonous to those who drink it, but you are also vulnerable to Magnetism Manipulation if the metal is magnetic.
3235. Metallic Bodily Fluids,3.5
#All of your body's fluids, blood, sweat, saliva, tears, are composed of a metallic substance that you can manipulate in place of their normal forms. Your fluids may be toxic to others touching or ingesting them, but magnetism users may find you far too easy a target.
3236. Metallophilic Adaptation,2.8
#You are adapted to environments saturated with metals that would be toxic to ordinary beings, thriving where others would sicken and die. You may even be able to obtain energy by reducing certain metals, making a heavy-metal wasteland feel like home. Without any metals around, however, you could starve.
3237. Metamorphic Arm,3.6
#At least one of your arms or hands has shapeshifting properties, allowing it to morph into blades, hammers, tentacles, shields, or any form you can imagine. Useless if the arm is restrained or severed, so keep it moving.
3238. Metamorphosis,4.2
#As you age, your body naturally matures and evolves, granting new and stronger abilities at each stage of your life. The process takes time and may leave you vulnerable during transition, but each evolution brings you closer to your ultimate form. Interruption during the process may result in Premature Evolution.
3239. Microchip Implantation,4.5
#You have microchips implanted in your body, tiny semiconductors that grant you powerful abilities depending on their design and programming. From AI assistance to combat subroutines to biometric enhancement, the possibilities scale with the chip. EMPs are a hard counter and removal can be fatal.
3240. Micromechanical Bodily Fluids,4.3
#Your blood, sweat, saliva and other fluids are laced with microscopic machinery. Each drop of you is a swarm of bots that can repair wounds, interface with tech, or be left behind as tracking agents.
3241. Microorganism Physiology,4.0
#You either are or can transform into a microorganism, existing as a single cell or a colony at microscopic scale. You can slip through any defense, infect hosts from within, and hide where no eye could find you.
3242. Microrg-Active Blood,4.6
#Your bloodstream carries micro-organic bio-machines programmed through your own DNA sequences. They adjust your physical and mental capabilities beyond human norms, self-tuning as you grow. Vulnerable to Biological Manipulation and organite counters.
3243. Microwave Mimicry,4.3
#You are made of or can transform your body into microwaves, letting you phase through ordinary matter, travel at near-light speeds, and cook anything you pass through. Takes time to master and is dangerous to everyone around you.
3244. Mikari Baba Physiology,3.6
#Japanese Folklore - You are a Mikari Baba, a one-eyed yokai hag in straw hat and coat with a burning torch clutched in your teeth. You bring misfortune, disease and fire wherever you wander, scavenging from villages on winter nights. Afraid of objects full of holes and vulnerable to divine prayer.
3245. Milk Empowerment,2.1
#You become stronger, faster, and more durable the more dairy you consume. A glass of milk gives a noticeable boost, while a whole block of cheese could have you throwing cars. Overconsumption may still give you a stomachache.
3246. Milk Mimicry,2.9
#Your body is composed of milk and dairy, or can transform into such at will. In this form you can reshape yourself, regenerate from spilled milk, and slip through small gaps. Vulnerable to rot, curdling, and anyone with a taste for dairy.
3247. Mimic Physiology,3.3
#You are a mimic, a predatory creature capable of disguising yourself as inanimate objects, most commonly a treasure chest. You can lure prey in and strike with surprising ferocity. Seasoned adventurers may spot the imperfections in your disguise.
3248. Mimicry Empowerment,4.8
#Your mimicry abilities grow stronger the closer you are to the original users of the powers you copied. Standing next to the source, your copied fire manipulation might rival theirs, and you may even be able to wield more mimicked powers at once. Distance weakens the effect considerably.
3249. Mimimushi Physiology,2.7
#You are a Mimimushi, a microscopic yokai resembling a tiny snake with long ears. You can infect a victim by entering their ear, wriggling between their ears and heart to cause immense discomfort, cold cravings, and bloated stomachs. Vulnerable to certain herbs and Shinto rituals.
3250. Mind Anchoring,4.2
#Your mind is unshakably anchored to your body. You are immune to mental displacement, body switching, soul transfers, and mind draining of all kinds. Even if your brain were swapped out, the intruder could never take control. Always active, for better or worse.
3251. Mind Hive,4.7
#You possess multiple autonomous minds within a single body, each with its own perspective, personality, and insight. You operate by consensus, which makes you near-impossible to deceive but slow to act when the minds disagree. With enough progress the minds may eventually unify into something greater.
3252. Mind Transcendence,7.6
#You have transcended the mental restrictions of your species, unlocking cognitive abilities far beyond the normal range. Your imagination, memory, foresight, visualization, and learning speed have all been elevated to supernatural and even absolute levels. You may eventually ascend so far mentally that emotional and moral ties become distant abstractions.
3253. Mindscape,6.0
#You possess a vast and deeply personal mindscape, a metaphysical inner world born from your consciousness and soul. It is no illusion, it is a true dimension shaped by everything you are and could become, be it an ethereal heaven, an infinite forest of memory, or a chaotic void of thought. Mastery over the mindscape determines whether it serves as a sanctuary, a training ground, or a prison.
3254. Mine Mimicry,3.4
#Your body is composed of explosive mines, capable of detonating on contact and reforming afterwards. You can plant parts of yourself as traps, trigger chain reactions, or walk into enemy lines as a living minefield. Making friends is difficult when a hug might blow off their legs.
3255. Mineral Evolution,3.3
#Your body can undergo an evolutionary transformation by assimilating minerals, gaining a new form with mineral-based physiology and abilities. Each evolution is tied to a specific mineral and carries its own strengths and weaknesses.
3256. Mineral Symbiosis,4.8
#You host a mineral entity or elemental force within your body, gaining powerful stone-based abilities through your bond. The entity may occasionally try to assert control over you, and channeling too much of its power can damage your body.
3257. Minhocão Physiology,4.3
#You either are or can transform into the Minhocão, a massive South American cryptid resembling a giant worm or fish with a pig-like snout, armadillo scales, and horns. You possess tremendous strength, able to drag horses and cattle beneath the water with ease.
3258. Miniature Dragon Physiology,4.1
#You either are or can transform into a miniature dragon, possessing all the traits of a regular dragon but in a far smaller package. Your size grants you exceptional speed and agility at the cost of raw physical power against larger foes.
3259. Minokedachi Physiology,3.4
#You either are or can transform into a Minokedachi, a hunched and hairy yokai said to cause conflict and embody cowardice. Your mere presence stirs up bickering and paranoia in those around you, though you are vulnerable to Shinto rituals.
3260. Minotaur Physiology,4.6
#Greek Mythology - You either are or can transform into a minotaur, the legendary bull-headed man of Greek myth. You possess incredible strength, natural combat prowess, and an intuitive sense for navigating labyrinths and confined spaces.
3261. Mint Mimicry,2.1
#Allows you to transform your body partially or fully into mint. In this form you are somewhat edible, vulnerable to heat, and smell fantastic, but you gain the ability to reform from scattered mint matter.
3262. Miracle Embodiment,8.9
#You are the living incarnation of miracles themselves. Impossible outcomes bend toward you, hopeless odds resolve in your favor, and you possess absolute authority over any and all miraculous phenomena no matter their origin.
3263. Miracle Empowerment,4.2
#Every miracle performed in your vicinity, whether by you, others, or spontaneous circumstance, feeds your power. You grow stronger, faster and more durable as the supernatural unfolds around you, potentially even slowing your aging if miracles are frequent enough.
3264. Miracle Power Link,5.2
#Your miraculous nature is directly linked to your other powers, fueling and strengthening them through thaumaturgy. Any ability you possess operates on a higher level as long as your miraculous core remains stable, but instability can send your powers spiraling out of control.
3265. Miracle Symbiosis,5.6
#You share a symbiotic bond with a miraculous entity, absorbing its essence to perform miracles both bright and dark. You can heal, inspire and protect, or degrade, bewilder and destroy. Be careful, as a powerful enough entity may try to take your body as its own.
3266. Mirror Mimicry,4.2
#You can transform your body into mirrors or reflective surfaces, either retaining your anatomical structure or becoming homogeneous reflective matter. Your mirror form is beautiful but carries the fragility of the material, a hard strike could shatter you.
3267. Mirror Monster Mimicry,4.3
#You can transform into a monster entirely composed of mirrors, a jagged creature of reflective edges and refracted light. You gain monstrous physicality but remain vulnerable to the same fragility that plagues all mirror-based beings.
3268. Mirror Spirit Physiology,6.2
#You are a mirror spirit, a being native to the mirror world that parallels reality. Within the mirror world your authority is nigh-omnipotent, and you can travel between worlds via any reflective surface or drag others into your domain. Destroying mirrors in your vicinity weakens you.
3269. Misery Empowerment,4.3
#You grow stronger, faster and more durable from the misery of yourself or those around you. Psychological anguish, emotional suffering and relational pain all fuel your power, and as long as someone nearby is hurting you continually grow. Happiness Inducement is your bane.
3270. Misfortune Embodiment,7.4
#You are the living embodiment of misfortune itself. You wield absolute control over bad luck on every level, able to curse individuals, groups or entire populations with disaster. You feed on the misfortune of others, growing stronger with every unfortunate event you cause.
3271. Mislocated Eyes,2.6
#You have eyes in unusual places on your body, granting you the ability to see in most directions at once. Depending on placement this ranges from mildly unsettling to extremely practical, though processing all those viewpoints simultaneously can be disorienting until you get used to it.
3272. Mobile Invulnerability,4.8
#As long as you are moving forward, nothing can stop you and nothing can hurt you. You build momentum at supernatural rates, generating freight-train force in only a few steps. The moment you stop moving, the protection ends, and true absolute defenses can still halt your charge.
3273. Mobile Tasking,2.6
#You can perform any kind of task at full proficiency while moving, even at high speeds. Writing a letter while sprinting, threading a needle mid-sprint, aiming a rifle from horseback, none of it matters to you.
3274. Mochi Mimicry,2.4
#Your body is made of mochi, making you stretchy, squishy and highly resistant to blunt force. Watch out for opponents with a big appetite though, since you are entirely edible.
3275. Modernity Mimicry,6.3
#You are the living embodiment of the modern post-industrial world. You can become living machinery, buildings, streets or entire cities, and you carry modernity's all-consuming nature with you, sweeping away the old to make way for the new. Where you walk, progress follows whether the land wants it or not.
3276. Modified Soul,5.5
#Bleach - Your soul has been modified, constantly evolving and adapting at a supernatural pace. Every experience strengthens it, every battle refines it, and its spiritual nature grows stronger at a rate far beyond any ordinary being. You can draw upon this modified soul for spiritual power and enhanced physiology.
3277. Mokumokuren Physiology,3.0
#You are a Mokumokuren, a yokai that manifests as many eyes upon unkept walls and damaged shoji. You can spread your awareness across any damaged surface, seeing through every eye you grow. Your power is strongest in neglected places and significantly weaker in well-maintained homes.
3278. Molecular Adjustment,4.0
#You possess an innate resistance to molecular manipulation. Powers that attempt to alter, accelerate, decelerate or restructure your molecules struggle to take hold, and you can actively fight off lingering molecular effects. Higher-tier molecular attacks may still bypass your adjustment if the wielder is significantly stronger than you.
3279. Molecular Consciousness,5.6
#Your mind is spread throughout your molecular make-up, granting you awareness and fine control at the molecular scale of your own body. You can alter your density, composition, and structure through conscious thought, and attacks on your molecules can be felt and responded to as easily as a twitch of a finger.
3280. Mollusk Physiology,2.8
#Your body is that of a mollusk or can transform into one, granting you the traits of gastropods, cephalopods, or bivalves depending on your form. You may gain ink-spraying, shell-armoring, or suction-based abilities, but you'll likely be slow and vulnerable to salt.
3281. Molten Metal Mimicry,5.0
#Your body is made of or can transform completely into molten metal, either retaining your anatomy in liquid-metal form or becoming a homogeneous mass of superheated alloy. You gain the offensive and defensive properties of molten metal but also its weaknesses, being cooled sufficiently can incapacitate you entirely.
3282. Momonjii Physiology,3.4
#You are or can transform into a Momonjii, an ugly hairy old-man yokai evolved from a Nobusu. You possess enhanced physical traits and can exhale a supernatural wind that sickens anyone caught within it. Vulnerable to divine magic, prayers and holy relics.
3283. Monetary Empowerment,3.9
#You grow stronger, faster and more durable the more money and wealth surrounds you, drawing on currency of all kinds as a source of power. A rich user is formidable, a poor user is weakened, and some can even slow their aging by hoarding enough of it.
3284. Mongoose Physiology,2.8
#You are or can transform into a mongoose or related herpestid such as a meerkat or kusimanse. You gain their agility, sharp reflexes and natural resistance to venom, making you especially deadly against snakes and anything that relies on toxins.
3285. Monkey Physiology,2.6
#You are or can transform into a monkey, gaining enhanced agility, climbing prowess, prehensile limbs and the clever problem-solving instincts of a primate. Partial transformations let you keep your human frame while stealing monkey traits at will.
3286. Monotreme Physiology,3.0
#You are or can transform into a monotreme such as a platypus or echidna. You gain their strange egg-laying mammalian anatomy, venomous spurs, electroreceptive senses and surprising durability, a physiology unlike anything else on land.
3287. Monster Attraction,2.3
#Monsters are drawn to you, pulled to your presence whether you want them there or not. Useful if you want to find them, dangerous if you do not, as attracted monsters rarely arrive with friendly intentions and you cannot simply turn the pull off.
3288. Monster Divinity,7.8
#You possess the monstrous form of a dark god, your very existence a divine aberration. Your raw power is beyond the mundane, placing you among divine beings by nature alone. Your monstrous flesh channels godhood itself, allowing you to trade blows with deities and overwhelm lesser divine entities. Vulnerable to monster slayers and divinity nullification.
3289. Monster Empowerment,3.2
#You grow stronger, faster and tougher whenever you are near monsters, even drawing sustenance and slowed aging from their presence. The more monsters around you, the greater the boost, and with enough exposure you may awaken new abilities tied to their affinity.
3290. Monster Life-Force,4.6
#Your very life essence is monstrous, your vitality running thicker and wilder than any human's. You are a monster among men, possessing supernatural abilities on a monstrous level, with stamina and resilience that mortal bodies cannot match.
3291. Monster Physiology,4.5
#Your body is that of a monster, an aberration outside the natural order. Your form is hideous, your capabilities wildly variable, and your mere appearance can inspire panic and harm. Every monster is different, so the exact nature of your physiology depends on what kind of monster you are.
3292. Monster Soul,4.4
#Your soul is monstrous, possibly made of many monster souls bound together, each carrying different abilities. The monstrous nature of your soul grants you access to their powers, though you risk losing consciousness or surrendering yourself to bestial instincts.
3293. Monster Truck Mimicry,2.1
#You can transform into a monster truck. Your truck form possesses immense horsepower, oversized tires and a frame built to crush cars, though you are still bound by fuel, gravity and the fact that you are a truck. Users of Vehicle Manipulation can drive you.
3294. Monster-Infused Mutated Physiology,4.3
#Your body has been injected with monster blood or grafted with monster organs, granting you powers drawn from whatever monster you were infused with. A vampire infusion grants vampiric traits, a dragon infusion dragon traits, and so on, each coming with both the strengths and the curses of their source.
3295. Monstrel Physiology,4.9
#You are a monstrel, a hybrid of two or more different monster species, and your body carries the strengths and abilities of each breed woven into one form. The more monstrous lineages mixed within you, the greater your power, though you may also inherit their weaknesses.
3296. Monstrous Animal Physiology,4.3
#You are a monstrous animal, a natural beast twisted into something far larger, fiercer and more violent than its kin. You retain the instincts of your species but wield them with supernatural brutality, capable of inflicting terror regardless of what animal you are. You may become feral when pushed.
3297. Monstrous Architecture Physiology,4.6
#You are a monstrous building, a sapient or semi-sapient structure such as a haunted house, fortress or tower. You possess supernatural abilities centered on your architectural form, able to shift rooms, grow corridors and trap those inside your body. Your size tends to slow or immobilize you entirely.
3298. Monstrous Power Link,4.4
#Your monstrous nature is directly linked to your powers, fueling and strengthening them through your freakish aspects. The more you embrace your monstrosity, the more potent your abilities become. If your monstrous nature becomes unstable, your powers may spiral out of control.
3299. Monstrous Wolf Physiology,4.1
#You are a monstrous wolf, far larger and more violent than any natural predator, capable of inflicting terror and savagery on anything in your path. Your bite, claws and senses are all amplified to supernatural levels, though your form may drive you feral.
3300. Moon Rabbit Physiology,4.2
#You are or can become a moon rabbit, the mythical hare said to pound the elixir of life on the lunar surface. You possess lunar-aligned mystical abilities, enhanced agility, and an innate talent for alchemy and medicine-making, especially under moonlight.
3301. Morality Embodiment,6.5
#You are the living embodiment of moral values, whether good, evil, or neutral. Your very existence radiates your chosen alignment as an intrinsic force, shaping ethical currents around you. Users of Amorality remain beyond your influence.
3302. Morality Transcendence,8.1
#You exist beyond good and evil, beyond even neutrality. Concepts of right and wrong do not apply to you and may not even be comprehensible to you, rendering you immune to all morality-based manipulation and allowing you to interfere with the very forces that govern such things.
3303. Morphogenetic Field Connection,7.3
#You possess a deep and powerful connection with the morphogenetic fields that imprint form upon all living things. Through this link you understand life down to its atomic blueprint, can tap into universal life-force, and can resonate with all living beings within your field's range. Weak against Connection Removal.
3304. Morphogenetic Fluids,6.4
#Your bodily fluids are imbued with the properties of morphogenetic fields, carrying the encoded biological and metaphysical blueprints of life itself. Through direct interaction you can imprint, reshape or guide the development of any living being, though others may try to harvest you for these fluids.
3305. Mosquito Physiology,2.8
#You are or can transform into a mosquito, gnat or midge, gaining their tiny flight, blood-drinking proboscis, and ability to slip through the smallest gaps. Still vulnerable to bug spray and frogs, unfortunately.
3306. Moss Physiology,2.4
#Your body is made of moss, or you can transform it fully into moss. You are soft, resilient, and thrive in damp shaded environments, able to regrow from even the smallest clump of yourself.
3307. Moth Monster Physiology,3.6
#You are or can transform into a moth monster, a grotesque oversized version of the humble moth with all its unsettling traits scaled up to horror. Still easily distracted by bright lights, and vulnerable to Monster Slayers.
3308. Moth Physiology,2.5
#You are or can transform into a moth, gaining silent powdery flight, incredible scent tracking and a strange fixation on light sources. Some moth forms lack a functioning mouth entirely, so eat beforehand.
3309. Mothfolk Physiology,3.4
#You are one of the mothfolk, a humanoid moth race with feathered antennae, powdery wings and compound eyes. You possess enhanced senses of smell, silent flight, and the uncanny beauty of a creature drawn to flame.
3310. Mothman Physiology,4.8
#You are or can transform into the Mothman of West Virginia, a seven-foot winged humanoid with glowing red eyes and a wingspan over ten feet. You can fly faster than most cars, induce dread, and may be a harbinger of disaster, though your powers may be strongest at night.
3311. Motion Adaptation,3.2
#You can adapt to any style of motion, moving efficiently in even the most unorthodox positions and postures. Run while crouched, swim while upside down, climb while sideways - no matter how inefficient the form, you move without losing speed.
3312. Motion Embodiment,8.6
#You are the living personification of motion itself, every concept from velocity and acceleration to inertia and displacement flows from you. Nothing moves without your tacit permission and your own movement is beyond physical law. Users of Time Embodiment may have power over you.
3313. Motion Retention,4.5
#You retain your ability to move regardless of what should be stopping you. Turned paper-thin? Still moving. Paralyzed, crushed, transformed into a slug? Still moving. Mass, shape, and disability simply don't factor into whether your body listens to you.
3314. Mountain Adaptation,2.3
#Your body is perfectly adapted to mountain environments, thin air, extreme cold, high pressure and dizzying heights mean nothing to you. You can scale and traverse the harshest peaks without gear, though heat may leave you sluggish.
3315. Mountain Mimicry,5.8
#You are a living mountain, your body composed of earth, stone and snow. Immense physical durability, weight and resilience come naturally, though mobility is another question entirely.
3316. Mouse Physiology,2.1
#You are or can transform into a mouse, gaining all the traits of one, small size, keen senses, impressive agility for your scale. Unfortunately cats, owls, snakes and most predators see you as dinner.
3317. Mousefolk Physiology,3.1
#You are a mousefolk, a humanoid mouse with whiskers, twitching nose and a tail. You retain keen senses, natural agility and the fantasy-staple charm of a rodent adventurer, while keeping your human-level intellect and hands.
3318. Mouthless Interaction,3.3
#You can eat, drink, taste and speak without needing a mouth at all, whether through telepathy, direct absorption, or manifesting one when needed. Makes you immune to mouth-based attacks and deeply unsettling to watch dine.
3319. Movable Eyes,2.8
#Your eyes can relocate themselves to different parts of your body at will, letting you see in multiple directions at once or peek around corners without exposing your head. Slightly cursed to look at but extremely practical.
3320. Movement Vision,2.1
#Your eyes instantly catch even the smallest movements within your field of vision. A twitching finger, a falling dust mote, the flick of an eyelid - nothing that moves escapes your notice, though things at rest are no easier to see than normal.
3321. Mucus Mimicry,3.3
#You are, or can transform into, living mucus. In your slime form you can squeeze through gaps and absorb blows that would shatter flesh, but you risk coagulating if you dry out or become too thick to move.
3322. Mud Mimicry,3.4
#Your body is made of mud, or can transform into it at will. Your mud form is surprisingly resilient to blunt force but slow and vulnerable to extreme heat or cold, which can bake or freeze you into an immobile lump.
3323. Mud Monster Physiology,4.1
#You are a mud monster of the sort that crawls out of swamps and quagmires at night. Your body is composed entirely of mud and clay, granting you regeneration, physical resilience, and a suite of mud-based abilities. Fire and ice are your bane.
3324. Mujina Physiology,3.8
#You are a Mujina, an ancient magical badger yokai. By night you take human form and wander the streets, singing and playing harmless tricks on people while remaining a master of hiding your true nature. You prefer to avoid humans rather than fight them, and Shinto rituals can bind you.
3325. Muldjewangk Physiology,4.4
#Australian Folklore - You are the Muldjewangk, a water-creature of the Murray River. You can take the form of an evil merfolk or a gargantuan river monster, lurking beneath dark waters to drag down those foolish enough to wade in after dark.
3326. Mule Physiology,1.9
#You are or can transform into a mule. You gain a mule's stubborn endurance, surefootedness on rough terrain, and the ability to carry significant loads without complaint. You may also become considerably harder to convince of things.
3327. Multi Hive Mind,6.3
#You possess multiple minds and souls spread across many bodies, all linked together as a collective consciousness. Each body can act independently while still sharing thoughts with the whole, letting you parallel-process tasks, fight as a coordinated army, and survive the loss of any single body.
3328. Multi Symbiosis,5.7
#Your body hosts multiple symbiotic entities that grant you enhanced physical condition and an array of new abilities. The symbiotes can be angelic, demonic, biological, mechanical or any combination, and their combined power far exceeds what any single symbiote could offer. Beware - they may fight for control of your mind or body.
3329. Multi-Directional Facing,3.6
#You can face multiple directions at once, whether standing still or moving, allowing you to focus on opponents from every angle without ever turning your head. Excellent for ambushes and multitasking.
3330. Multi-Directional Vision,2.6
#You can see in multiple directions at once, granting you a panoramic field of view that makes sneaking up on you nearly impossible. There may still be a small blind spot somewhere.
3331. Multi-Reincarnation,6.6
#When you die, your soul is reborn into multiple different lives at once, as twins, or as entirely separate people in different locations, worlds, realities, or times. Each incarnation may be weaker or stronger than the last, and they may share no memory of one another.
3332. Multi-Sensory Skin,4.2
#Your skin can see, hear, touch, taste, and smell beyond the norm. You can perceive the world through every inch of your body, making blindfolds useless and sneak attacks nearly impossible.
3333. Multi-hinged Jaws,2.8
#Your jaws have more than two hinges and can split into halves, allowing you to open your mouth impossibly wide or unhinge it entirely to swallow things far larger than your head. Unsettling to watch and very useful for eating things you shouldn't be able to.
3334. Multilayered Defense,4.6
#You possess multiple layers of defense stacked on top of each other, whether that's hardened skin, shields, force fields, or all of the above. Each layer may be equally strong or progressively tougher than the last, so breaking through to the real you is a slog of its own. Weak to Layer Removal effects.
3335. Multiple Arms,3.3
#You possess more than two functioning arms, typically in sets of four, six, or even eight, granting you remarkable dexterity and combat efficiency. Paired with proportional strength, you become a whirlwind of grappling limbs and weapons, though hiding them in a crowd is a lost cause.
3336. Multiple Body Segments,2.9
#Your body has multiple segments, much like a caterpillar or centipede, and this isn't limited to the torso. Your arms and legs may have extra segments as well, giving you extended reach and a very strange-looking silhouette. May not be retractable.
3337. Multiple Digits,1.4
#You possess additional fingers, toes, or other digits beyond the usual count. Mildly useful for piano, typing, and gripping small objects, but largely a cosmetic oddity unless paired with something else.
3338. Multiple Extremities,2.6
#You possess more than two functioning hands and/or feet, giving you additional dexterity and stability without necessarily having extra full limbs. Handy for multitasking, fighting, and holding onto several things at once.
3339. Multiple Fingers,1.8
#You possess more than ten functioning fingers on your hands, granting you immense manual dexterity. You can manipulate several small objects at once, play impossible chords, or pick multiple locks simultaneously.
3340. Multiple Hearts,4.1
#You possess multiple hearts, which don't all have to be inside your body, some may be spiritual or stored elsewhere entirely. Each heart can power up your abilities and serve as a redundant life source, so losing one doesn't kill you. However, if a supporting heart perishes mid-ability, the carryover strain falls onto your primary heart, which can be fatal.
3341. Multiple Joints,2.4
#Your body has extra joints beyond the normal count, granting you incredible flexibility and letting you bend your limbs in ways that shouldn't be possible. Fantastic for acrobatics, escape artistry, and unsettling your opponents.
3342. Multiple Legs,2.3
#You have more than two functioning legs, making you far more stable and difficult to knock over. Extra legs also mean extra locomotion, so you can run, climb, and maneuver with an unusual gait that most opponents won't know how to read.
3343. Multiple Life-Forces,4.5
#You possess two or more life-forces within your body, each augmenting your vitality and making you significantly stronger than someone with a single life-force. You can draw on them individually or collectively for power, though Life-Force Absorption may hit you harder than it would most people.
3344. Multiple Lungs,2.2
#You have more than two lungs, allowing you to hold your breath for extended periods while still remaining active. Useful for swimming, singing, wind instruments, and surviving in low-oxygen environments. The more lungs, the longer you can last.
3345. Multiple Mutation Immunity,3.2
#You are immune to mutagenic sources such as radiation, toxic chemicals, and exotic energies, because you are already mutated past the point they could affect you. Some such sources may even empower you further instead of hurting you.
3346. Multiple Souls,4.4
#You have multiple sentient souls sharing your body, each with their own personality and access to the controls. They may cooperate, take turns, or compete for dominance, and internal conflicts can manifest as very real damage to the body. At their best, they function as a council of minds with very different strengths.
3347. Multiple Stomachs,2.0
#You have more than one stomach, allowing you to eat massive quantities of food without ill effect. Great for eating contests, long wilderness trips, and ingesting things that would normally make a single stomach revolt. You may find yourself perpetually hungry.
3348. Multiple Tails,2.7
#You have multiple tails growing from your body, which can be used as extra appendages for balance, grabbing, fighting, or expression. Each tail functions like an additional limb, though they can be injured like any other body part.
3349. Multiple Thumbs,1.6
#You possess more than two functioning thumbs on your hands, granting you increased manual dexterity and grip. Opening jars, holding objects and playing instruments all become significantly easier, though explaining your hands to strangers does not.
3350. Multiple Toes,0.4
#You have more than ten toes on your feet, which grant you an enhanced sense of balance once you learn to coordinate them. Shoes will be a problem.
3351. Multiple Tongues,2.3
#You possess multiple tongues that can stretch, grab and strike with surprising strength. You can use them to pull in prey much larger than yourself, though they remain as vulnerable as any other body part.
3352. Multiple Wings,3.2
#You possess more than one pair of wings, granting you significantly enhanced flight speed and maneuverability compared to a regular winged being. Coordinating all of them takes practice.
3353. Multiversal Embodiment,9.6
#You are the multiverse incarnate. Time, space, reality, causality, probability and every other aspect of every parallel world fall under your absolute authority. Outside the multiverse itself, however, you are little more than a concept without a home.
3354. Multiversal Force Embodiment,9.0
#You are the living embodiment of multiversal forces. You wield limitless control over them and are wholly immune to their effects, essentially becoming a walking fragment of what composes all realities. You are, however, weak to pure Totality Manipulation.
3355. Multiversal Force Empowerment,7.2
#Your physical parameters, durability and existing powers are amplified when exposed to multiversal forces, drawing sustenance from them and potentially unlocking new abilities. Given that the multiverse is effectively infinite, so too is your potential well of power, though overuse can breed dependency.
3356. Multiversal Force Mimicry,7.9
#Your body is made of, or can transform into, multiversal forces. In solid form you retain your anatomy but fortified with cosmic essence, while in full energy form you become homogenous multiversal stuff. Mastering the transformation takes time.
3357. Multiversal Power Link,7.8
#Your powers are permanently linked to a multiversal force, which fuels and strengthens them on a level far beyond ordinary energy sources. An unstable force can cause your abilities to go wild, and you may need a clear mind to maintain the connection.
3358. Multiverse Mimicry,9.6
#You are a multiverse, or can transform your body into one while keeping your sentience. Your body becomes multiversal in scale, containing countless worlds, timelines and realities within yourself. Attacks on your ordinary form instead ripple out into your infinite inner cosmos, making you almost impossible to meaningfully harm. Vulnerable only to multiverse-scale destruction or beings that can manipulate the multiverse itself.
3359. Mummy Physiology Superior,5.8
#You are a superior mummy, a pharaoh or high queen preserved with rites far beyond the common dead. You possess far greater strength, intelligence and durability than a regular mummy, often acting as an alpha undead who can lord over lesser mummies. Supernatural hunters and purifying flames remain your greatest threats.
3360. Mummy Physiology Transcendent,7.8
#You are a mummy of godly scale, a deified pharaoh whose afterlife granted you powers rivaling the gods themselves. You have dominion over death and the underworld, command legions of lesser undead without effort, and possess almost none of a normal mummy's weaknesses. Only Meta Resurrection or Undead Divinity Manipulation can truly threaten you.
3361. Mummy Physiology,3.8
#You are or can transform into a mummy, an undead creature whose corpse has been mummified and animated. You are relentless and hard to put down, with durability that scales with how thoroughly you were wrapped. Fire burns you easily, water soaks your dried flesh, and removing your wrappings neutralizes you.
3362. Munuane Physiology,3.2
#You are a Munuane, an ogre-like being of Colombian and Venezuelan folklore. Tall and powerful, toothless, with empty eye sockets and eyes on your knees. You are invulnerable everywhere except your knees, rule the fish of the jungle rivers, and navigate the waterways as their undisputed master.
3363. Murderous Possession,5.7
#Death is not an ending for you, only an invitation. The moment you are killed your soul latches onto your killer like a curse, embedding itself in their body and slowly overwriting them from within. It takes time for the takeover to complete, but once it does, their body is yours. You must actually be killed for the power to trigger.
3364. Muscle Armor,3.3
#One Piece - Your muscles are so dense and hardened that physical attacks bounce off them like they were iron plating. By flexing at the moment of impact you can even deflect blows back at the attacker. Does not protect your skin, your internals from within, or parts of the body with less muscle mass.
3365. Muscle Independence,4.0
#Your body moves without needing muscles, powered by some other biological or inorganic system entirely. You are immune to paralysis, muscle manipulation, and cramping, and can keep moving even after your muscles are destroyed. Some fine-motor actions that depend on muscle-driven organs may still suffer.
3366. Muscle-Based Condition,3.3
#Your muscles are abnormally powerful, granting you a variety of physiology-related abilities as a result. You are a pseudo-powerhouse whose strength comes from sheer muscular quality, though you can still be overpowered by those with true supernatural bodies.
3367. Muscleless Body,3.0
#You have no muscles at all, making you completely immune to muscle manipulation, paralysis, cramping and related powers. Your body moves through some other means entirely, whether alternate biology or something stranger, though certain muscle-dependent bodily functions may not work as normal.
3368. Muse Physiology,6.3
#Greek Mythology - You are a Muse, a divine goddess of inspiration and the arts. Those you favor are blessed with creative genius far beyond their natural talent, and your presence alone can spark the making of masterworks. You command knowledge and art at a divine level, though you are not suited for physical combat.
3369. Mushroom Mimicry,3.6
#You are made of mushrooms, or can transform your body into them at will. Your form can be anatomically complete but fungal in substance, or a homogeneous mass of caps and mycelium with no vital parts. Cuts and punctures do little when your flesh is made of spores.
3370. Music Empowerment,3.2
#You grow stronger, faster, and more durable when exposed to music, unlocking related abilities and amplifying existing powers. Extended exposure may sustain you in place of food and even slow your aging. Silence Manipulation or deafness can leave you powerless.
3371. Music Mimicry,4.6
#You are made of music, or can transform your body into music or a specific song at will. In transformed form you can be anatomically intact but composed of sound, or a homogeneous wave of melody with no vital point to strike. While existing as pure music you may be unable to affect the physical world, and it takes practice to regain full control of your body.
3372. Music Note Mimicry,2.1
#You either are or can transform into a musical note. Floating, weightless, and oddly hard to grab onto, but good luck doing anything meaningful in this form beyond vibrating ominously.
3373. Musical Instrument Mimicry,2.3
#You either are or can transform into a musical instrument. Whether you become a single specific instrument or can shift between many depends on the draw. Hope your form is something useful and not a triangle.
3374. Musical Monster Physiology,5.3
#You are or can transform into a monster that embodies music, whether a dark demon of discord, a siren of haunting melodies, or a spirit of forbidden songs. You possess a variety of music and sound-based abilities tied to your specific form. May be physically repulsive enough to be shunned by most of society.
3375. Musteloid Physiology,3.3
#You possess the traits, attributes, and abilities of musteloids including weasels, otters, ferrets, badgers, and wolverines. You gain enhanced agility, sharp senses, tenacious stamina, and depending on your specific form, the flexibility of an otter or the raw ferocity of a wolverine.
3376. Mutagenic Blood,3.2
#Your blood is a mutagen, anyone who comes into contact with it starts mutating in unpredictable ways. The severity of the mutation depends on the amount of exposure. You are not necessarily immune to your own blood, so be careful when bleeding.
3377. Mutagenic Bodily Fluids,3.8
#Every fluid your body produces, blood, sweat, saliva, tears, is a potent mutagen. Anyone who comes into contact with them starts mutating, and you can even direct mutations onto yourself by consuming your own fluids. Messy but versatile.
3378. Mutagenic Saliva,2.8
#Your saliva is a potent mutagen. A lick, a bite or a spit is enough to start inducing mutations in your target, the degree depending on how much saliva made contact. You cannot control what mutations occur and they are often permanent.
3379. Mutant Alien Physiology,4.7
#You are a member of an alien species who has also undergone a mutation, gaining the baseline traits of your alien heritage on top of whatever strange abilities and physical changes your mutation grants. Effectively two physiologies layered into one.
3380. Mutant Physiology,4.0
#You are a mutant, your body has been altered from the baseline of your species to grant you heightened abilities and unique powers. The exact nature of your mutation varies wildly, you could end up with subtle enhancements or grotesque malformations.
3381. Mutated Angel Physiology,5.4
#You are an angel that has been twisted into a monstrous aberration of what you should be. You retain the raw power of your angelic heritage but your form is warped, grotesque and unstable. Holy beings may view you with revulsion rather than reverence.
3382. Mutated Demon Physiology,5.6
#You are a demon that has been mutated into a monstrous aberration, or a hybrid of demon and mutant. You wield both demonic powers and mutant traits, your form grotesque and unstable but considerably more dangerous than an average demon.
3383. Mutated Dragon Physiology,6.2
#You are or can transform into a mutated dragon, a creature even more fearsome than a natural dragon. On top of the standard draconic package of flight, scales, claws and elemental breath, your mutation grants additional abilities, though your body may be unstable and you could have trouble reverting.
3384. Mutated Ghost Physiology,4.8
#You are a mutated ghost, an incorporeal being whose spectral form has been warped by some strange force. Your powers as a ghost are heightened and strange, and your form is unsettling even to other spirits.
3385. Mutated Monster Physiology,4.7
#You are a monster that has undergone further experimentation, or a person or animal turned into a monster by the same process. Your capabilities far exceed those of your original species and you are markedly more resilient, though your form is grotesque.
3386. Mutated Undead Physiology,5.1
#You are an undead creature that has been mutated into a monstrous aberration. You retain the durability and lack of biological needs typical of the undead, but are significantly more resilient and powerful. You may need to consume flesh, blood or life energy to sustain yourself.
3387. Mutated Vampire Physiology,5.7
#You are a vampire that has been mutated into a monstrous aberration. Your traditional vampiric abilities are warped and amplified, and while you've lost the elegance and beauty usually associated with vampires, you've gained brute power in exchange.
3388. Mutated Zombie Physiology,4.4
#You are a zombie that has been mutated into a monstrous aberration. Tougher, faster and more dangerous than an ordinary shambler, your DNA is unstable and your form is grotesque, but your capabilities far exceed those of a baseline undead.
3389. Mutative Evolution,6.0
#Shin Godzilla - Your physiology undergoes constant unstable evolution, mutating to grant you new powers, heightened abilities and adaptations to whatever situation or threat you face. The downside is that the evolution is volatile, you could lose yourself to the process or mutate into something unrecognizable.
3390. Myling Physiology,3.2
#Nordic Folklore - You are a Myling, the demonic ghost of an abandoned unburied infant. You possess intangibility, enhanced strength, and the ability to latch onto victims and grow heavier until they are crushed. You are strongest at night and find true peace only if laid to rest in hallowed ground.
3391. Myobu Physiology,5.7
#Japanese Folklore - You are a Myobu, a divine fox and lesser deity that serves Inari. You are stunningly beautiful, your mere presence blesses the faithful with happiness and good fortune, and you possess a strong affinity for sacred rites and shrine magic. You are bound in service to higher Shinto gods and your strength is tied to the state of your shrine.
3392. Myomorph Physiology,2.1
#Allows you to transform partially or fully into a myomorph, including mice, rats, gerbils, hamsters and voles. You gain their senses, agility and ability to squeeze through tight spaces, though you also inherit their fragile frame and susceptibility to rodent-controlling powers.
3393. Myrmecoleon Physiology,2.8
#Medieval Bestiary - Allows you to transform into a Myrmecoleon, the offspring of a lion and an ant. You have the face of a lion and the body of a giant ant, possessing the strength of both. Your dual nature means you struggle to feed yourself as the lion half craves meat and the ant half can only digest grain.
3394. Mystic Lock,6.8
#You exist wholly outside of magic, as independent from it as certain entities are from physics. No spell, curse, enchantment or mystical phenomenon can touch you, regardless of its strength or origin. The drawback is that you are equally unable to use or benefit from magic yourself, and beings wielding Omni-Magic or Magic Transcendence can still affect you.
3395. Mystical Soul,5.4
#Your soul itself is a wellspring of mystical power, serving as its own inexhaustible source of magical energy. You will never run dry of mana and your spells draw from a deeper well than any conventional mage. However, the raw mystical pressure within you can drive the untrained to insanity, and soul-absorbers find you an irresistible target.
3396. Mysticism Empowerment,4.6
#You grow stronger, faster and more durable from all mystical phenomena around you, drawing power from every spell, ritual and supernatural experience nearby. Living in a haunted city or near a ley line could push you beyond your natural limits, and in the right place you may even slow your aging.
3397. Mythic Alien Physiology,4.8
#You are or can transform into a mythic alien, a cryptid being from beyond the stars whose very existence blurs the line between extraterrestrial and supernatural. Your form and abilities draw from both alien biology and mythological essence, making you as enigmatic as you are powerful.
3398. Mythic Dinosaur Physiology,5.1
#Allows you to transform into a mythical dinosaur, such as a thunderbird-scaled T-Rex or a feathered serpent raptor. You gain prehistoric physical might layered with legendary supernatural properties, making you a walking fusion of paleontology and myth.
3399. Mythic Physiology,6.5
#You can become any being mentioned in any mythological tale and gain all of their abilities, traits and powers. Phoenix, kitsune, leviathan, anansi — your repertoire is limited only by how much myth you know, though you inherit every weakness of each form as well.
3400. Mythic Symbiosis,5.5
#You host a mythic being within you in a symbiotic bond, gaining access to its preternatural powers in exchange for sharing your body. The entity might grant you elemental manipulation, enhanced strength, or magic of its own kind, but beware — a powerful enough mythic being may overtake your mind or burn your body out entirely.
3401. Mythical Avian Physiology,5.0
#Allows you to transform into legendary birds from any mythological tale, such as the phoenix, roc, thunderbird or simurgh. You gain their flight, supernatural traits and unique powers, though even a partial form leaves you vulnerable to Avian Manipulation.
3402. Mythical Bestiary,5.8
#You can transform into any beast or creature from mythology, from the Nemean Lion to the Questing Beast. Each form comes with its own strengths and weaknesses, and the instincts of the beast may influence your mind the longer you wear its shape.
3403. Mythical Creature Empathy,3.2
#You can sense and understand the emotions of legendary and mythical beasts, allowing you to befriend dragons, calm unicorns, and earn the trust of creatures that would maul anyone else. It is not mind control, so truly hostile beasts may still attack.
3404. Mythical Empowerment,4.5
#Your body grows stronger, faster and more durable in the presence of mythical creatures, and your existing powers are enhanced by their proximity. Prolonged exposure to certain beasts may even slow your aging, but without them to feed on you will feel weakened.
3405. Mythical Equid Physiology,4.8
#You are or can transform into legendary horses of myth, from Pegasus to Sleipnir to the unicorn. Each form carries its own powers and weaknesses, from winged flight to healing horns, and the full list of available mounts depends on your familiarity with the myths.
3406. Nachzehrer Physiology,4.1
#You are or can transform into a nachzehrer, a German vampire that forms after suicide or violent death. You feed on the life of your living kin and spread plague in your wake, but can be commanded by users of Vampire Manipulation.
3407. Naga Physiology,5.2
#Hindu Mythology - You are or can transform into a naga, a semi-divine serpent able to shift between human and snake forms. You are a guardian of water and treasure, can summon rain or flood, and possess venom potent enough to fell heroes. Benevolent by nature, but dangerous when crossed.
3408. Naiad Physiology,5.0
#Greek Mythology - You are or can transform into a naiad, a nymph presiding over freshwater springs, streams and wells. You can manipulate the waters under your care, drown foes who anger you, and bless those who honor you, though divine slayers and anti-divinity still threaten you.
3410. Namahage Physiology,4.2
#You are or can transform into a Namahage, a fearsome oni that serves as a divine enforcer. You possess enhanced physical abilities, a terrifying presence, and divine authority to harass and discipline wrongdoers, but are culturally expected to rarely cause true harm to the innocent.
3411. Namekujira Physiology,3.3
#You are or can transform into a Namekujira, a gigantic slug-like yokai. You possess colossal size, thick slippery hide and leave massive slime trails in your wake. Otherwise you are just a very large slug, and thus vulnerable to salt and basic rituals.
3412. Nameless Existence,6.6
#Your name holds no power over you, because in a very real sense you have none. You are immune to all name-based abilities, including Name Erasure, Name Severing, True Naming and Name Dominance. Definition Manipulation may still find purchase where names cannot.
3413. Nando Baba Physiology,2.8
#You are or can transform into a Nando Baba, a reclusive hag yokai that haunts dirty sheds and cupboards. You possess supernatural endurance and a terrifying scream that can send humans fleeing, but you mostly just want to be left alone. Vulnerable to Shinto rites.
3414. Nanite Mimicry,6.2
#Your body is composed entirely of nanomachines, allowing you to freely reshape yourself, form constructs from your own mass, and assimilate surrounding matter to replenish and grow your swarm. Vulnerable to EMP, corrosion and sophisticated computer viruses.
3415. Nano-Active Blood,4.3
#Your bloodstream is laced with nanites that constantly enhance your body and mind. You possess superhuman strength, reflexes, endurance and cognition well beyond peak human, and the nanites may manifest additional special abilities. You do not control the nanites directly, and they can be hacked or disrupted by EMPs.
3416. Nano-Active Saliva,2.9
#Your spit is laced with microscopic technology — organic, silicate or otherwise. Whatever you drool, lick or spit on becomes a canvas for your nanite abilities. Limited by how much you can produce, and vulnerable to EMPs.
3417. Narigama Physiology,3.6
#You are or can transform into a Narigama, a tsukumogami born from a very old iron kettle or cauldron. You can shift into a clawed pot-monster that breathes fire, and the sounds you make carry prophetic meaning — anyone who listens closely can hear the future in your rattling. Tied to your original vessel.
3418. Narrative Omniscience,8.6
#You possess flawless knowledge of every aspect of the narrative you exist within. Plot, characters, settings, themes, foreshadowing, symbolism, every line of internal monologue of every character — all of it laid bare before you. You know who dies, who betrays whom, and what the author intends, even for events that have not yet occurred.
3419. National Personification,6.5
#You are the living embodiment of a nation. Your country's fortunes are your fortunes — its prosperity makes you strong, its wars wound you, and its people's collective will flows through you. You may find it difficult to leave your borders, and if your nation is partitioned or destroyed, so are you.
3420. Native Forces Retention,2.8
#The gravity, air resistance and other physical forces of your homeworld cling to you wherever you go. On a high-gravity planet you move as if at home; in zero-g you walk as normal. Doesn't break physics, just keeps your personal rules consistent.
3421. Natural Defenses,3.0
#Your body possesses some form of natural armor, be it thickened plating, a shell, bark-like skin or interlocking scales. Passively shrugs off blows that would maim an ordinary person, though unless you can retract it, it's very obvious and may get in the way of daily life.
3422. Natural Force Mimicry,5.2
#Your body is made of, or can transform into, raw natural forces. You can shift between a flesh form fortified by natural energy and a homogeneous nature-force state that is harder to harm. Takes considerable training to remain fully sentient in the transformed state.
3423. Natural Power Link,3.6
#Your powers are fed directly by your ecological essence, letting nature fuel and strengthen whatever abilities you possess. The stabler and healthier the surrounding environment, the more reliable your powers. In polluted or dead places, they may sputter or spiral out of control.
3424. Natural Symbiosis,5.0
#You are bonded with a natural entity, a spirit of storm, forest, stone or beast, and share in its power. Your abilities reflect its nature, and the two of you benefit from each other's wellbeing. If the entity is injured you feel it, and a powerful one may try to wrest control of your body.
3425. Nature Companionship,4.5
#You share a genuine relationship with nature itself, strong enough that the natural world actively looks after you. Vines will lower fruit within reach, animals guide you to safety, storms break around your shelter. You don't command it, it simply chooses to help.
3426. Nature Connection,3.8
#You have a deep physical, emotional and spiritual connection to nature, letting you intuitively understand and sense the natural world. You feel what it feels, and when it is harmed, you are harmed. Severing this bond can leave you hollow or even kill you.
3427. Nature Derivation,9.3
#You are the source of absolute primordial nature throughout the cosmos. Every blade of grass, every star, every living cell draws its existence from you, granting total dominion over nature, elements and environment on a universal scale. If you ever die, all nature dies with you, so you must pass the burden on before you fall.
3428. Nature Divinity,7.6
#You possess the divine form and powers of a nature god, granting you raw power well beyond the mortal or even most supernatural. Elements, weather and life itself all bow to your presence, and your body carries the unmistakable weight of godhood. Divine slayers and nullifiers remain a real threat.
3429. Nature Embodiment,8.3
#You are the physical manifestation of Nature itself, the living ecosystem given form. All elements, animals, plants and weather answer to you directly, and your emotions shape the world around you. Lose your temper and hurricanes follow, so discipline is non-negotiable.
3430. Nature Empowerment,3.7
#You grow stronger, faster and tougher when surrounded by nature, gaining access to additional abilities the deeper into the wild you go. In a forest or mountain you're a monster; in a sealed city block you're just yourself, and prolonged dependence on nature empowerment can turn into addiction.
3431. Nature Forsaken,4.2
#Nature itself rejects your existence. Plants wither in your presence, animals react with fear or violent aggression, and storms gather above you as you walk. Sentient beings feel an instinctive unease around you. The more powerful nature is in an area, the more violently it lashes out, and users of Nature Unity will treat you as an existential enemy.
3432. Nature Unity,3.4
#Your soul is attuned with the natural world, granting you deep peace and empathy with all living things. Animals become docile in your presence, you can sense the feelings of living creatures, and plants grow or regenerate at your touch. Pollution and unnatural toxins hit you far harder than they should.
3433. Neanderthal Physiology,2.8
#You are a Neanderthal, possessing a more robust and muscular build than modern humans along with distinctive cranial features. You are notably stronger and tougher than a regular person, though your intelligence may lean more toward the instinctive than the scholarly.
3434. Near-Death Empowerment,5.6
#Dragon Ball - Every time you survive a near-death experience or come back from actual death, you grow stronger. This may result in a general power boost or even awaken entirely new abilities. Useless if whatever kills you leaves you unable to be revived.
3435. Nebula Mimicry,6.4
#Your body is made of or can be transformed into nebula, the interstellar cloud of dust and ionized gas that birthed the stars. You can become a diffuse homogeneous cloud or retain your anatomy while composed entirely of cosmic gases. Cosmic and air manipulators can still tear at your form.
3436. Necessity Embodiment,9.1
#You are the embodiment of Necessity, the fundamental need for things to be required or to exist. Life and death, creation and destruction, purpose, desire, time, all bow to your will. As long as something is necessary, you hold sway over it. Weak only to Obsolescence.
3437. Necklessness,1.6
#You lack an actual neck, your head floating just above your torso as if still connected. You have no neck-related movement restrictions and can throw full-force headbutts in any direction. Downside: being knocked apart, and occasionally losing your head and having to go find it.
3438. Necropresence,8.6
#You simultaneously exist everywhere death exists, wherever the dying take their last breath and wherever the dead manifest or reside. A trait of grim reapers, death gods, and the embodiment of death itself. Nothing dies without you being there for it.
3439. Needle Mimicry,3.0
#Your body can transform into a mass of needles, either partially or fully. In this form you can scatter, reshape, and reform, but you are vulnerable to anything that affects needles, including magnets and corrosion.
3440. Negation Immunity,6.2
#Your powers cannot be negated. No conventional or supernatural means can disable them, and any specific immunities designed to suppress you are themselves rendered null. Does not protect against Meta Power Negation or Immunity Bypassing, but against ordinary negators you are untouchable.
3441. Negative Embodiment,7.6
#You are the embodiment of negativity itself, channeling every negative aspect of the world through your being. You can manipulate negative emotions in others, weaponize your own despair, and even birth life out of pure negativity. If you start thinking happy thoughts, your power wanes.
3442. Negative Emotion Empowerment,4.6
#You grow stronger, faster and more durable by feeding on negative emotions, whether your own or those around you. Anger, hatred, sadness, fear and envy all fuel you and may even slow your aging. Happiness and love drain you instead, so a bad mood is a blessing.
3443. Negative Existence,7.4
#You do not exist as a separate thing, but as the absence of one, much like cold is merely the absence of heat. Others perceive you as a being, but you are really the hole where something else isn't. You may lack a true will of your own, existing only as the counterpart to whatever you negate.
3444. Negative Mass Body,4.0
#Your body has negative mass. You float by default, things you push pull toward you, and things you try to pull are flung away. Gravity treats you like an afterthought. Takes considerable getting used to and can be genuinely dangerous if you forget how it works mid-reach.
3445. Negative Power Link,6.0
#Your powers are linked to and fueled by negative force, meaning the more negativity you draw upon, the stronger your abilities become. Rage, despair, malice, pain, all of it pours into your powers and amplifies them considerably. However, if your negative state becomes too unstable, your powers may rampage out of your control.
3446. Negativity Empowerment,5.1
#You grow stronger, faster, smarter and more durable from any and all forms of negativity, whether emotions, concepts, thoughts or ideas, your own or those of others. In a world full of misery you are practically unstoppable, and you may even draw sustenance from negative aspects and slow your aging. Requires negativity to sustain your power.
3447. Nelapsi Physiology,4.5
#You are or can transform into a Nelapši, a walking corpse from Slavic myth with pale skin, red eyes, claws and pointy teeth. You are feral, immensely strong, and an insatiable predator who tortures prey before killing them. You cannot be hurt by sunlight but must return to your grave before dawn, and can be distracted by counting poppy seeds.
3448. Nemean Lion Physiology,5.7
#Greek Mythology - You are or can transform into the Nemean Lion, the legendary monster whose golden hide is impervious to all conventional weapons and whose claws are sharper than any mortal sword, capable of cutting through any armor. Your strength is monstrous, though you can still be strangled, stunned or harmed by beings of absolute strength.
3449. Neon Empowerment,2.6
#You become stronger, faster and more durable when in contact with neon. Step into a neon-lit district and you become a glowing powerhouse, but step into a dark alley and you are just a regular person again.
3450. Neon Mimicry,3.5
#You can transform your body partially or completely into neon, becoming a glowing orange-red form of noble gas. In this state you are diffuse and hard to injure conventionally, but vulnerable to wind and very easy to spot in the dark.
3451. Nephalem Physiology Transcendent,8.7
#You are a transcendent Nephalem, born from the union of the apex or prime beings of two high-level supernatural species, most commonly an angelic and demonic progenitor. Your power vastly surpasses all lesser Nephalem and most supernatural entities, easily overpowering them in numbers, and your existence alone shifts the balance of power in whatever world you inhabit. Still vulnerable to divine slayers and omnipotent beings above you.
3452. Nephalem Physiology,6.8
#You are a nephalem, the offspring of an angel and a demon, wielding the powers of both light and darkness. You far surpass either parent race in potential and could overpower most angels and demons that cross your path. However, the clashing holy and infernal natures within you may drive you toward insanity if you do not keep them in balance.
3453. Nephele Physiology,4.2
#Greek Mythology - You are a nephele, a nymph of the clouds and skies. Your body can dissipate into mist or solidify into cloudstuff at will, and you have an innate command over weather, wind and rainfall. Your presence soothes the skies and your beauty is that of a minor goddess.
3454. Nephilim Physiology Transcendent,8.6
#You are a Transcendent Nephilim, born from a mortal and a transcendent angel. Your power vastly outstrips any ordinary nephilim, allowing you to effortlessly overpower hordes of angels and demons, and your ascendancy lets you wield nigh-omnipotent authority. Only transcendent weaponry or divine slayers can truly threaten you.
3455. Nephilim Physiology,5.4
#You are a nephilim, the child of a mortal and an angel. You possess angelic strength, wings, and a connection to the divine, putting you well above ordinary humans in every physical and spiritual regard. You share the same weaknesses as angels and demonic forces may be able to overpower you.
3456. Nerve Regeneration,3.6
#Your nerves regenerate almost instantly. Stab wounds only hurt for a second before the pain fades, and you cannot be stunned, knocked unconscious from pain, or permanently lose sensation in any part of your body. Does not heal flesh, bone or blood, only the nerves themselves.
3457. Nervelessness,3.8
#You have no nervous system as mortals understand it, rendering you completely immune to nerve-based powers, paralysis, pain manipulation and neural attacks. Your body is driven by some other unseen mechanism, and those who try to fry your synapses will find there are none to fry.
3458. Nested Mouths,2.8
#You have a second mouth hidden inside your primary one, capable of extending out far beyond your jaws to seize prey and drag it back. The inner mouth may act in tandem with the outer one or move on its own. Can be torn out by force if someone gets a grip on it.
3459. Nether Embodiment,7.4
#You embody the Nether itself, granting you limitless control over the chthonic element. Entropy, death, decay and destruction all flow through you as easily as breathing, and you can wield the force in any form you please. Aether stands as your natural counter.
3460. Nether Empowerment,3.7
#You grow stronger, faster and more durable when in contact with nether, possibly unlocking new abilities and enhancing existing ones. Prolonged exposure may even slow your aging or sustain you in place of food and water.
3461. Nether Physiology,6.4
#Your body is made of nether, the chthonic essence that flows between the realms of the living and the dead. You can shift fully into the dark element at will, becoming intangible to physical harm and channeling entropy through every movement. Countered by ethereal physiology.
3462. Neuroptera Physiology,2.7
#You are or can transform into a Neuroptera, a net-winged insect such as a mantidfly, lacewing or antlion. Grants you the natural weapons and traits of the insect, but pesticides and natural predators remain a threat.
3463. Neutral Embodiment,8.6
#You are the living embodiment of all neutral forces in the universe, the impartial wild card that exists between and beyond good and evil. You possess natural Balance and must never fully choose a side, lest the consequence of doing so upsets the very fabric of existence. The essence of balance cannot exist without good and evil, so your power relies on both still being around.
3464. Neutral Empowerment,3.5
#You become stronger, faster and more durable when in contact with neutrality, whether your own or another's, potentially unlocking new abilities related to impartiality and detachment. Some users can even draw sustenance from neutrality or slow their aging.
3465. Nexus World,8.7
#You possess your own nexus world, a unique hub realm connected to all worlds in every universe, acting as the dimensional crossroads from which all realities spring. From your home you have access to every other world through dimensional doorways, potentially making you master of all worlds. Weak against Nexus Manipulation and vulnerable to invasion by Nexus Navigation users.
3466. Nguruvilu Physiology,3.6
#Mapuche Mythology - You are or can transform into a Nguruvilu, a fox-headed serpent with a clawed tail that dwells in rivers. You can generate dangerous whirlpools in any body of water and manipulate river depths to lure prey into false fords. Your aquatic mobility is immense.
3467. Nigawarai Physiology,3.3
#Japanese Folklore - You are or can become a Nigawarai, a hateful green yokai with horns and a mouth forever forced into a grin. You feed on spite and ill-will, subtly causing those around you to bicker and resent each other, and your claws carry a paralytic poison. Vulnerable to Shinto rites.
3468. Night Embodiment,6.5
#You are the living embodiment of night itself, the concept of darkness between sunset and sunrise. As long as night exists somewhere, you are empowered and conceptually tied to it, wielding dominion over everything the nighttime represents. If night were ever to truly cease to exist, so would you.
3469. Night Hag Physiology,4.2
#You are or can become a Night Hag, a malevolent nocturnal spirit that visits mortals in their sleep to sit on their chests and ride them into terrible nightmares, paralysis, and sometimes death. You are a predator of the sleeping, though holy relics and certain rituals can ward you off and you are weakened during the day.
3470. Night Vision,1.6
#You can see clearly in low light or even near-total darkness, granted through supernaturally enhanced spectral and intensity range in your eyes. You may be briefly blinded by sudden bright flashes and it takes a moment for your eyes to readjust when moving back into well-lit spaces.
3471. Nightmarcher Physiology,4.3
#Hawaiian Folklore - You are or can become a Nightmarcher, a ghostly warrior of ancient Hawaii that rises on the nights of Kanaloa to march to sacred battle sites. Mortals who hear your chanting or conch tones must avert their eyes or perish. You are only active at night and can be warded off by living ti shrubs.
3472. Nightmare Embodiment,6.6
#You are the living embodiment of nightmares and bad dreams. Your power in the waking world may be limited, but in the dream world you are near-limitless, able to turn any dream into a nightmare and torture victims endlessly. If your body is destroyed, you live on in dreams and can possess sleeping mortals to reclaim a new body.
3473. Nihilism Embodiment,6.3
#You embody nihilism, the belief that life is meaningless. Your very presence radiates the void of purpose, and you possess powers tied to apathy, nothingness, and negation. You may even be the source of nihilism in your universe. Hope Embodiment and Meaningfulness Embodiment oppose you directly.
3474. Nikurashi Physiology,2.4
#Japanese Folklore - You are or can become a Nikurashi, a humanoid yokai resembling a sensually-dressed woman with a supernaturally hideous face. You are largely neutral in nature but carry a sinister edge fitting your name, which plays on 'hateful'. Vulnerable to Shinto rites.
3475. Nikusui Physiology,3.6
#Japanese Folklore - You are or can become a Nikusui, a monstrous yokai that disguises itself as a beautiful young woman to seduce men before transforming into a vampiric predator that drains them of their flesh, leaving only bone and withered skin. Vulnerable to Shinto rites.
3476. Ningen Physiology,3.4
#Japanese Cryptid - You are or can transform into a Ningen, a 20 to 30 meter long pale humanoid sea creature rumored to inhabit the icy waters of the Antarctic. You possess immense aquatic physical power and stealth, but you thrive best in arctic waters and warmer climates are taxing on you.
3477. Ningyo Physiology,3.5
#Japanese Folklore - You are or can become a Ningyo, a hideous fish-human hybrid with golden scales, a monkey's mouth, and bony clawed hands. Eating your flesh grants immortality. Your scales dry under sun and heat, and some forms cannot breathe air at all.
3478. Ninmenju Physiology,2.1
#Japanese Folklore - You are or can become a Ninmenju, a strange tree yokai that grows fruit in the shape of smiling, laughing human heads. The fruit is sweet and sour and edible, and though harmless in nature, making your fruits laugh too hard causes them to wither and fall. Vulnerable to Shinto rites.
3479. Nitroglycerin Secretion,3.2
#Your body secretes nitroglycerin through your sweat, saliva, or other fluids. Extremely volatile and will detonate under heat, shock or flame, making you a walking bomb. Be careful when showering.
3480. Noble Elf Physiology,6.2
#You are a Noble Elf, the demigod offspring of a Modern Elf and a Mythic Elf. You possess physical and magical capabilities far beyond even High Elves, with an innate affinity for ancient elven magics and an ageless, radiant beauty that marks you as something more than mortal.
3481. Nobusuma Physiology,3.8
#You are a Nobusuma, a yokai born from a bat that lived far too long. You take the form of a ravenous flying squirrel with a thirst for blood and fire, possessing enhanced senses and gliding capabilities. Over time you may evolve into a Yamachichi or Momonjii.
3482. Nocturnal Spirit Physiology,4.6
#You are a nocturnal spirit, one of the ancient sleep paralysis demons of folklore. You can sit upon sleeping victims to induce crushing nightmares, ride them to exhaustion, and feed on their terror. Only active during the hours of night and may be warded off by prayers or holy relics.
3483. Noderabo Physiology,2.6
#You are a Noderabo, the cursed yokai spirit of a sinful monk doomed to haunt shrines in eternal unrest. You are mostly heard rather than seen, and your mournful wailing can unsettle anyone within earshot. Vulnerable to the rituals of Shrine Maidens and Shinto Priests.
3484. Nokken Physiology,3.5
#You are a Nokken, the sinister male freshwater spirit of Scandinavian folklore. You can shapeshift to lure victims to their drowning deaths, control the waters you inhabit, and sing songs of hypnotic beauty. Severely vulnerable to iron and steel, which can kill you outright.
3485. Non-Atomic Body,7.4
#Your body is not composed of atoms or molecules, instead being either a single larger subatomic particle, composed only of subatomic particles, or simply nothing at all. This renders you completely immune to any atomic, molecular, subatomic or particle-based power, as there is nothing for them to grip onto.
3486. Non-Excessive Force,2.7
#You can perform demanding physical feats with the effort of ordinary movements. Lifting a heavy crate feels like lifting a bag of groceries, and swinging a greatsword feels like swinging a stick. You are not stronger, it just never feels like work.
3487. Non-Memorized Activity,4.0
#You can perform any action, move, or technique flawlessly on the first try without ever needing to learn, practice or memorize it. Muscle memory is irrelevant to you; your body simply knows what to do the moment you decide to act.
3488. Non-Relative Strength,3.0
#Every muscle in your body is as strong as your strongest muscle. Your jaw, fingers, neck, and toes are all as powerful as your legs, meaning you can grip with crushing force, bite through steel, and throw with your whole body evenly. Your body may not be fully prepared for such uniform power.
3489. Non-Standard Breathing,2.8
#You are able to breathe in environments where others would choke or die. Underwater, in vacuum, in toxic fumes, or on alien worlds, your lungs adapt without issue. You may struggle to breathe in your 'standard' environment if you drift too far from what the trait was tuned for.
3490. Non-Tailored Activity,3.2
#You can excel at any field of activity regardless of whether your body is designed for it. A quadruped you could still dunk a basketball, a fish you could still play chess, a slime you could still fence. Your form is never a handicap.
3491. Noppera-bō Physiology,2.3
#You are or can transform into a noppera-bō, a faceless yokai. Great for scaring people on dark roads, though you may be vulnerable to those who can control yokai.
3492. Normalcy Immunity,4.2
#You are immune to anything considered normal, from mundane physics to ordinary matter and energy. Sadly, this means nearly every superpower will still hit you like a truck, but at least you'll never stub your toe again.
3493. Noseless Perception,1.7
#You can smell without the use of a nose, perceiving scents through your entire body or by some unknown means. Useful for when you catch a cold or lose your nose in a fight.
3494. Nostalgia Embodiment,5.6
#You are the embodiment of nostalgia itself, the wistful yearning for the past. Your mere presence stirs powerful sentimental longing in those around you, dragging up happy memories and old regrets alike. Users of Emotion Immunity are unaffected.
3495. Nothingness Aspect Manifestation,6.3
#You have become an aspect of nothingness itself, embodying one of the many faces of the void. Whether you represent oblivion, absence, or the silence between stars, you wield the authority of that aspect as a conceptual extension of yourself.
3496. Nothingness Mimicry,6.6
#Your body is made of or can transform into pure nothingness. You can retain your normal form while being composed of void or become truly formless, with every part of you equal to the rest. Be cautious, as untrained users may erase things just by touching them.
3497. Notoriety Empowerment,4.0
#You grow stronger, faster, and more durable the more widely known you are, especially for infamous or scandalous reasons. The more people fear, hate, or gossip about you, the more powerful you become, though obscurity makes you weaker in turn. Go make some enemies.
3498. Nuckelavee Physiology,5.4
#You are or can transform into the Nuckelavee, a flayed centaurian horror of Celtic myth. Your breath wilts crops and spreads plague, your single burning eye inspires terror, and your physical strength is monstrous. However, you cannot cross running water and the smell of burning seaweed repels you.
3499. Nuclear Capacitor,5.0
#You are a living nuclear battery, able to absorb and store vast quantities of nuclear energy for later use. You can channel it into any purpose you see fit, releasing it slowly as power or all at once as a catastrophic discharge.
3500. Nuclear Empowerment,4.5
#You grow stronger, faster and more durable the closer you get to nuclear forces. Radiation that would kill a normal person feeds you, and in the heart of a reactor you may even draw sustenance and slow your aging.
3501. Nuclear Immunity,5.4
#You are completely immune to nuclear and atomic energy, being invulnerable to both direct and indirect effects of radiation, fallout and nuclear blasts. You could walk through a detonation unharmed, though absolute absorption and immunity bypass powers can still get through.
3502. Nuclear Mimicry,6.2
#Your body is made of or can transform into raw nuclear substance. You can walk as a physical being with nuclear energy flowing through your cells, bones and muscles, or dissolve into a homogeneous form of pure radiation. Takes time to master and even longer to use without cooking everyone nearby.
3503. Nuclear Quintessence,7.4
#Your body is an inexhaustible nuclear reactor, generating limitless nuclear energy from within without needing any external source. You can pour this energy into enhancing your own body to superhuman levels, into powering any machine or technology, or unleashing it as raw nuclear force. Overdrawing too much at once may still strain your mind and body, requiring rest to stabilize.
3504. Nuclear-Reactive Dynamo,6.0
#Your body is a living nuclear reactor that absorbs nuclear energy and converts it into active nuclear reactions, letting you amplify, redirect, or chain-trigger reactions around you. The more radiation you're bathed in, the more explosive your output, but a barren environment leaves you sluggish.
3505. Nudity Empowerment,2.3
#You become stronger, faster and more durable the less clothing you wear, reaching peak power completely nude. Some naked yoga training may even let you draw sustenance from nudity itself, although stripping off may leave you rather exposed in more ways than one.
3506. Nue Physiology,5.7
#You are or can transform into a Nue, the youkai with the head of a monkey, body of a raccoon dog, tiger legs and a serpent for a tail. You can melt into a black cloud to fly unseen, and your mere presence brings misfortune and illness to those you linger near.
3507. Null Element Empowerment,4.0
#You grow stronger, faster and more durable when in contact with non-elemental forces, unlocking further abilities tied to the null affinity as your exposure deepens. Some users even draw sustenance from null elements or slow their aging, though reliance can become an addiction.
3508. Null Element Immunity,5.3
#You are completely immune to non-elemental forces, invulnerable to every direct and indirect effect they might produce. Since null elements typically bypass conventional defenses, this immunity is rare enough to be priceless against the right enemies.
3509. Null Element Mimicry,6.0
#You can transform your body completely into non-elemental forces, becoming a homogeneous being of null. In this form nothing within conventional elemental systems has a natural advantage against you, though some users find returning to flesh far harder than they expected.
3510. Null Element Resistance,3.8
#You are highly resistant to non-elemental forces, shrugging off attacks that would devastate others. Not quite full immunity though, pile on enough null element energy and it will eventually get through.
3511. Number Empowerment,3.2
#You grow stronger, faster and more durable in the presence of numbers, whether written, spoken or conceptually present. A library, a calendar, or even a crowd you have counted can serve as a power source, and in a number-saturated environment your abilities sharpen considerably.
3512. Number Mimicry,3.1
#You can transform part or all of your body into a living number, gaining properties tied to whichever digit you embody. In this form you are harder to pin down physically and can slip through writings, equations and displays.
3513. Numerical Transcendence,9.1
#You exist outside of all numerical systems. Counting, measurement, infinity, zero, division by zero, cardinal numbers and every other mathematical construct simply do not apply to you. Number-based abilities and math manipulations do not work on you, you cannot be quantified, and you can exist in states like 'not a number' or 'beyond infinity' without contradiction.
3514. Nuppeppo Physiology,2.8
#You are or can transform into a Nuppeppo, a flabby, foul-smelling yokai of lumpy humanoid flesh. Your body reeks of rot strong enough to nauseate opponents, and your flesh is said to have magical healing properties if consumed. Combat ability is poor, mobility is sluggish, and you may become the target of those seeking your flesh.
3515. Nurarihyon Physiology,6.5
#You are or can transform into Nurarihyon, the supreme commander of all yokai. Your presence is so overwhelming that others instinctively treat you as the master of wherever you are, welcoming you into their homes and deferring to you without realizing why. You possess immense spiritual authority over lesser yokai and formidable supernatural power, though daylight weakens you considerably.
3516. Nure Onago Physiology,3.2
#You are or can transform into a Nure Onago, a ghostly yokai of a young woman perpetually dripping swamp water. Your presence draws rain and water to you, and you have ghostly powers tied to drowning and grief. Any kindness shown to you binds that person to your devotion, though you are vulnerable to shrine rites and Shinto prayers.
3517. Nure-Onna Physiology,4.2
#You are or can transform into a Nure-Onna, a vampiric sea serpent with the head of a woman and the coiled body of a great snake. You possess immense serpentine strength, aquatic mastery, and a vampiric hunger that lets you drain blood and life from your prey. Rivers and shores are your hunting ground.
3518. Nuribotoke Physiology,2.9
#You are or can transform into a Nuribotoke, a mischievous yokai that rises from an open butsudan at night. You possess poltergeist-like abilities and a ghostly presence perfect for frightening mortals, but you must retreat into the butsudan by sunrise, cannot manifest in daylight, and salt or a closed shrine can trap you.
3519. Nurikabe Physiology,3.5
#You are or can transform into a Nurikabe, an invisible wall yokai that blocks and misdirects travelers. You can manifest as an impassable unseen barrier, rerouting anyone who tries to walk past you and leading them astray through the landscape. Excellent for stalling pursuers or trapping people in place.
3520. Nut Empowerment,1.6
#You grow stronger, faster and more durable in the presence of nuts. A handful of almonds or a bag of pistachios makes you notably more powerful, and you can draw sustenance from nuts as a near-infinite energy source. Great if you live near a squirrel.
3521. Nut Mimicry,2.0
#You can transform into a nut, gaining a thick armored shell protecting a soft seed within. In this form you are remarkably durable against blunt impacts and can even sprout and grow into a plant if conditions are right. Mobility is obviously limited.
3522. Nutcracker Mimicry,2.3
#You are or can transform into a nutcracker, either retaining your organs or becoming a homogeneous wooden construct. Your jaw can crush practically anything that fits into your mouth, though wood is weak to fire, your mouth can be broken by oversized objects, and you are vulnerable to Toy Manipulation users.
3523. Nymph Physiology,4.5
#Greek Mythology - You are or can transform into a nymph, a nature spirit bound to a particular landform, grove, spring or tree. You possess supernatural beauty, agelessness, and powerful nature-based magic tied to your domain. You can bear fully immortal children if mated to a god, but your life-force is tied to your anchor in the natural world and threatening it threatens you.
3524. Oath Embodiment,7.8
#You are the living personification of oaths themselves. You can sense and connect to every oath-sworn bond in existence, from marriages to blood pacts to parent-child vows, and you wield the authority to enforce and punish those who break them. Oathbreakers cannot hide from you, and your wrath upon them is absolute.
3525. Oath Empowerment,6.4
#You draw power from oaths, contracts and pacts, growing stronger, faster and more durable for each binding vow in existence around you. Swearing oaths yourself further empowers you, and deeply sworn pacts can unlock entire new abilities, though forgetting or renouncing an oath strips you of the power it granted.
3526. Obariyon Physiology,2.9
#You are or can transform into an Obariyon, a small imp-like yokai that clings to travelers' backs. You can force yourself onto a target and grow steadily heavier until they collapse from exhaustion, biting at their scalp along the way. If carried successfully to your chosen destination, you reward your bearer with a sack of gold, though you are vulnerable to shrine rites.
3527. Object Evolution,4.0
#You can evolve into new forms by bonding with and integrating objects into your body, gaining new physical traits and abilities with each one. Removing the bonded objects may reverse the evolution, so hold onto your gear.
3528. Object Immortality,5.2
#You are immortal so long as a specific anchor object of your choosing exists and remains intact. As long as your phylactery is safe, nothing can truly kill you. If someone finds and destroys it, you become mortal again, or simply die.
3529. Object Immunity,4.8
#You are completely immune to objects and object-based powers. Weapons, armor, enchanted items, none of them can harm or affect you in any way. Does not protect against powers that work through concepts or energies rather than items themselves.
3530. Object Mimicry,3.8
#You can transform yourself into inanimate objects, ranging from furniture to food to tools to toys. Your transformed form retains your anatomy under the surface, but is built from the material of whatever you became. Great for hiding in plain sight.
3531. Object Power Link,4.2
#Your object-based nature is directly wired into your powers, letting the essence of the object fuel and strengthen every ability you use. Instability in your object form can cause your powers to spiral out of control, and object sealing or negation hits you twice as hard.
3532. Object Symbiosis,5.2
#You are symbiotically linked to a living object, a non-biological entity that grants you supernatural abilities based on its nature. This could be a sentient coat, an intelligent weapon, or a cursed accessory. The bond is powerful but dangerous, and a strong enough entity may attempt to take over your body or mind.
3533. Objectivism Embodiment,3.5
#You embody the philosophy of objectivism as defined by Ayn Rand, drawing power from objective reality, reason, self-interest and laissez-faire capitalism. The more you pursue rational self-interest, the stronger you become. Induced altruism weakens and can even disable you.
3534. Oboroguruma Physiology,3.6
#You are an Oboroguruma, a Japanese tsukumogami in the form of a massive ox-cart with a furious human face on its front. Born from the lingering rage of denied cart owners, you exist between the living and the dead, drifting through streets and intersections. You are vulnerable to Shinto rituals and the prayers of shrine maidens.
3535. Obsidian Mimicry,4.1
#Your body is made of obsidian and volcanic glass, giving you incredible sharpness and resilience against blunt force. You can transform between your anatomical form and a homogeneous glass state at will. Sharp edges may cause accidental injury to those around you, and you remain fragile against the right kind of impact.
3536. Occupied Activity,1.6
#You are able to perform various actions effectively even while your hands and other body parts are occupied holding things. You could fight off a mugger while carrying groceries in both arms and a baby in a sling without dropping a single item.
3537. Ocean Embodiment,8.4
#You are the ocean made flesh, the embodiment and personification of the seas themselves. You have absolute control over every ocean, every current, every creature within, and every drop of saltwater on the planet. You can raise tidal waves that drown continents, sink entire islands, call hurricanes, or boil the depths. You and the sea are one and the same.
3539. Odonatoptera Physiology,3.2
#You possess the physiology of a dragonfly or damselfly, either as a transformation or as your natural form. You gain compound eyes with near-360 degree vision, incredible aerial agility and the ability to hover, dart, and change direction in mid-air on a dime, and four transparent wings capable of independent motion.
3540. Offensive Immunity,5.2
#Your immunities don't just protect you, they punish whatever tried to affect you. Someone tries to poison you, their poison rebounds on them. Someone tries to set you on fire, the flames leap back. Someone tries to mind-control you, their psyche takes the backlash. The degree of retaliation scales with your power.
3541. Ogama Physiology,4.6
#You are an Ogama, a toad or frog that has lived long enough to transform into a yokai. You possess humanoid intelligence and size, a rainbow breath capable of trapping prey, the ability to produce and wield spears, shapeshifting, and a long sticky tongue that can snatch and devour things whole. You grow more dangerous as you grow older and larger. You are vulnerable to the rituals and prayers of shrine maidens and Shinto priests.
3542. Superior Ogre Physiology,5.1
#You possess the physiology of a Superior Ogre, one of the alpha specimens of ogre-kind who tower over and physically dominate their kin. You are larger, stronger, smarter and more durable than any normal ogre, and would naturally take the role of clan leader or alpha monster among them. Still, you rank below gods and Transcendent beings, and monster slayers pose a particular threat.
3543. Ogre Physiology,4.2
#You are an ogre, or can transform into one. You gain immense physical strength and durability, a large and imposing frame, a voracious appetite, and the hideous visage that comes with the territory. Smarter than trolls but cruder than humans, ogres are brutal, dangerous and surprisingly cunning when they want to be.
3544. Oil Empowerment,2.8
#You become stronger, faster and more durable when in contact with oil, and can even draw sustenance from it. Standing in an oil slick turns you into a significant threat, standing in a desert makes you useless.
3545. Oil Mimicry,3.8
#Your body is or can transform into oil, either anatomically identical to your normal form or as homogeneous matter where no part is more vital than another. Extremely vulnerable to fire and heat, and inexperienced users may have trouble turning back.
3546. Okapi Physiology,2.2
#You are or can transform into an okapi, the forest giraffe of the Congo. Possessing keen senses, a long prehensile tongue and striking zebra-striped legs, you are a shy but resilient creature of the deep forest.
3547. Okuchi no Makami Physiology,6.3
#Japanese Mythology - You are or can transform into an Okuchi no Makami, the deified form of the extinct Japanese wolf worshipped as a sacred beast. You possess incredible physical abilities and a divine presence, warding off evil spirits, disease and misfortune simply by being there.
3548. Omni Appearance,8.6
#You take on the appearance of everyone and everything, living or dead, physical or otherwise, all at once. Observers perceive you as a seamless blend of every possible and impossible face, and you cannot be picked out of a lineup by any conventional or supernatural means.
3549. Omni Identity,8.7
#You hold the complete identity and self of every being that exists, could exist or will exist within a single body. When you say 'I am everyone', you are not being poetic. Unlike a mind hive, a single central consciousness oversees all of it, letting you shift appearance, skills and memories at will while still being fundamentally you.
3550. Omni Incarnation Awareness,6.8
#You can recall every life you have ever lived — past, future, parallel, erased, sealed, impossible, dreamed, looped, even lives that happened to alternate versions of yourself. Be warned, the sheer weight of the memories can overload and kill lesser minds, so mental fortitude is mandatory.
3551. Omni Profession,7.6
#You can perform, learn and master every profession, class, skill, study, hobby and field of research imaginable or unimaginable. You seamlessly shift from one role to the next without transition, and some users can even defy logic by being the sole performer of every occupation simultaneously, paradoxes be damned.
3552. Omni-Action,8.6
#You perform every action across every moment of your life from birth to death simultaneously. Every consequence every alternate version of you has ever enacted happens at the same time in any situation you are in, exerting layered effects on anything you touch. Deeply weird, deeply powerful.
3553. Omni-Apathy,6.0
#You exist in a state completely devoid of emotion or sensation — no joy, sadness, anger, fear or surprise can touch you. You operate on pure logic and calculation, making you immune to emotional manipulation, empathy-based powers, and fear effects of any scale.
3554. Omni-Aversion,2.1
#(Drawback) You become weaker, slower and less durable from absolutely everything — dimensions, concepts, boundaries, even nothing itself. Anything you come into contact with heavily debilitates you. The primary limitation of this power is having it.
3555. Omni-Detection,7.7
#You can sense the presence of every person, object, concept, power, universal law and boundary. Your perception grants detailed knowledge of each sensed entity — its size, extent, concealment, and whether it is protected or obscured. Nothing escapes your awareness, regardless of how well it thinks it is hidden.
3556. Omni-Empathy,6.4
#You can sense and feel an infinite number of emotions across all universes, planes and dimensions simultaneously. The constant mental strain can affect your physiology if you cannot learn to turn it off, and users of Omni-Apathy are completely invisible to you.
3557. Omni-Empowerment,8.5
#You become stronger, faster and more durable from absolutely anything and everything — dimensions, boundaries, concepts, even nothing itself, and potentially from Omni-Aversion or the Omega Omnisphere. New affinity-related abilities may unlock over time, and some users can draw sustenance from reality itself or slow their aging indefinitely.
3559. Omni-Immunity,9.6
#You are completely immune to literally anything and everything on every level and layer, regardless of type or status. Absolutely nothing can affect you — powers, diseases, forces, concepts, laws, nothing. It does not matter what they bring; it does not touch you.
3560. Omni-Status,9.4
#You exist in every possible state of being simultaneously. You are alive and dead, real and unreal, whole and scattered, eternal and nonexistent, all at once. Contradictions have no hold on you because you embody every side of them, and actions that would end any normal being simply shuffle you between the states you already occupy.
3561. Omnibenevolence,7.5
#You embody infinite goodness in every capacity that good is recognized by any sentient being. You instinctively perceive what others see as good and act accordingly, and at deeper manifestations your soul is tethered to the absolute concept of goodness itself. Evil touches you like water touches oil, and your presence can soothe even the most broken hearts.
3562. Omnifarious,8.9
#You have absolute control over your own physical and metaphysical being. Shape, density, size, quantity, solid, liquid, gas, pure energy, it is all yours to command. You can split yourself into countless smaller pieces that each retain full transformation, and recombine at will. External alterations can touch you, but you revert them instantly, making them meaningless. Your mind is utterly immune to outside influence and as flexible as your body.
3563. Omnimalevolence,9.2
#You are evil incarnate, the source of all negativity in existence, utterly devoid of any benevolent trait. You can choose to be universally evil in the open or deceive the world into thinking you are a saint. Your malice spreads on cosmic and apocalyptic scales by presence alone, corrupting whoever you wish, destroying whatever you want, and calling forth terrible events with nothing more than your will.
3564. Omnineutrality,8.9
#You embody perfect cosmic neutrality, the counterweight between omnibenevolence and omnimalevolence. You cannot truly take sides, but your presence alone ends conflicts by restoring balance to whatever system you enter. Your understanding of neutrality is so complete that even gods struggle to sway you, and your judgement carries the weight of the cosmos itself.
3565. Omnipresence,9.1
#You are present everywhere and everywhen at once, an unbounded and universal presence. Usually you exist as an incorporeal force, unseen and unfelt unless you wish to interact, but you can affect anything in existence simply by willing your presence onto it. You can limit the range of your omnipresence if you don't wish to experience all of reality at once.
3566. Omniscience,9.2
#You possess infinite knowledge within the context of your reality. Every question has an answer you already know, every mystery is laid bare, every secret is yours. You understand magic as naturally as breathing, know the outcome of conflicts before they begin, and comprehend truths that would shatter mortal minds. The only things you cannot know are those that exist beyond your universe.
3567. Omniverse Embodiment,9.4
#You are the living embodiment of the omniverse itself. Everything within it - time, space, reality, causality, probability, every concept and every law - is yours to command without limit. You are the omniverse given form, and your only meaningful vulnerability is to those who could destroy the omniverse itself.
3568. Omniverse Mimicry,9.2
#Your body is made of the omniverse itself, anatomically composed of all multiverses, dimensions, realities and planes. You have authority over everything happening within yourself - matter, energy, laws of physics, concepts, logic - allowing you to take on any form or function. You are somewhat vulnerable to attacks since your body contains all worlds, and Omniverse Destruction can harm you.
3569. Oneiric Immunity,3.5
#You are immune to all dream-based abilities. No one can alter your dreams, trap you in your nightmares, or enter your sleeping mind. May need to be consciously activated and if you're already having a nightmare, dream manipulators cannot pull you out of it.
3570. Oneiric Omnipresence,6.6
#You are present in every dream at once, an unbounded dream-walking presence that extends across every sleeping mind in existence. You can observe, interact with, and enter any dream simultaneously, though Omnipresential Attacks can still reach you through the dreamscape.
3571. Oneiriscience,5.7
#You are aware of every dream that has ever been dreamed or is currently being dreamed. This grants you deep insight into desires, secrets, and fears that people keep consciously hidden, from their fondest wishes to their worst nightmares. Does not grant enhanced intelligence, and the constant flood of nightmares from others can erode your sanity over time.
3572. Onibi Physiology,3.6
#You are or can transform into an Onibi, a wisp of demon-fire from Japanese folklore. You can split yourself into small floating flames that drain the life force of anything they touch and reform at will. Vulnerable to Shinto prayers and shrine maiden rituals.
3573. Onikuma Physiology,4.2
#You are or can transform into an Onikuma, a demon bear yokai said to be an ordinary bear that lived long enough to become a spirit. You possess monstrous strength capable of hauling boulders ten men could not lift, and can grow large enough to carry away cattle in your jaws. Still ruled by ursine instinct.
3574. Onmoraki Physiology,4.1
#You are or can transform into an Onmoraki, a black crane yokai born from the spirits of improperly buried dead. You can breathe fire, unleash a piercing wail, and recite the Degeneration Sutra to prevent enlightenment in monks and priests. Drawn instinctively to sleeping clergy.
3575. Onryo Physiology,4.6
#You are or can transform into an onryō, a vengeful Japanese ghost who returned to the physical world to settle grievances from their death. You gain potent spiritual powers directed toward the object of your grudge, but you are bound to the place or object tied to your death and may weaken once your vengeance is complete.
3576. Onyudo Physiology,4.3
#You are or can transform into an Onyudo, the "big monk" yokai. Your size ranges from slightly larger than a human to as tall as a mountain depending on how much energy you pour into the transformation. Those who lay eyes on you in your true form may fall ill from the sheer weight of your presence.
3577. Openable Cranium,1.1
#You can open your skull at will like a hinged lid, exposing your brain to the open air. Useful for dramatic reveals, storing small objects, or airing out your thoughts. Your brain is extremely vulnerable while the cranium is open.
3578. Ophanim Physiology,6.8
#You are or can transform into an Ophan, one of the wheels within wheels beneath the throne of God. You take the form of nested burning wheels covered in eyes, capable of moving in any direction without turning and perceiving reality from every angle simultaneously. Subservient to higher angels and vulnerable to angel slayers.
3579. Ophiotaurus Physiology,5.7
#Greek Mythology - You are or can transform into the Ophiotaurus, the serpent-bull born from Chaos alongside Gaia and Ouranos. Your foreparts are those of a mighty black bull and your tail is that of a great serpent. Whoever burns your entrails gains the power to defeat the gods themselves, which tends to make you a target.
3580. Opportunity Sense,3.8
#You can sense every opportunity in any situation, the exact right moment to strike in combat, the precise instant to speak in a negotiation, the one second a locked door is unguarded. Your reflexes may not always be able to act on what you perceive, and the sense cannot be shut off.
3581. Opposing Forces Empowerment,5.2
#You grow stronger, faster, and more durable from the presence of any opposing forces around you. Light and darkness, heat and cold, order and chaos, any duality in conflict near you pours power into your body. In a truly contested battleground you become nearly unstoppable, and some users can draw sustenance from opposing forces or slow their aging.
3582. Opposites Embodiment,7.8
#You are the living personification of opposites themselves, whether of a single duality like life and death, or of every opposition in existence. You wield limitless control over whichever opposing forces you embody, and conflict between them bends naturally to your will. Useless against Boundary Manipulation and Duality Transcendence.
3583. Opposition Immunity,5.8
#You are immune to counters, reversals, reflections, and all forms of opposition. Attacks cannot be turned back on you, your powers cannot be reflected, and counter-techniques simply do not catch. Omnicounter and Meta Power Reflection can still bypass this.
3584. Optimal Finesse,5.3
#You instinctively utilize every skill, tool, and ability you possess at its absolute peak efficiency. You always know which of your techniques best suits the moment, your movements contain no wasted motion, and the chance of failure at any task within your skillset drops to near zero. Still capped by the actual ceiling of your abilities.
3585. Orang Minyak Physiology,3.3
#You are or can transform into an Orang Minyak, the oily man of Malay folklore, a pitch-black nocturnal spirit whose slick body is nearly impossible to grasp. You gain supernatural stealth at night and a body that slips from any hold, but the physiology brings with it strong nocturnal urges and a solitary disposition.
3586. Orangutan Physiology,2.9
#You are or can transform into an orangutan, fully or partially. You gain immense upper body strength, long arms built for brachiation, dexterous feet, and the patient intelligence of the great red ape of the forest canopy.
3587. Orc Physiology Superior,4.2
#You are or can transform into an alpha-tier orc, larger and stronger than common orcs, the sort that becomes a chieftain or warlord. You possess enhanced physical abilities, a bloodthirsty presence, and the instinctive cunning to lead hordes.
3588. Orc Physiology Transcendent,6.3
#You are or can transform into a divine orc, the sort worshipped as a war god by lesser orcs. Your physical abilities are raised to a godly tier and you often possess unique powers no other orc has. Vulnerable to divine slayer and divine power absorption.
3589. Orc Physiology,3.3
#You are or can transform into an orc, a tusked brutish humanoid built for war. You gain significantly enhanced strength, durability and aggression, along with the hoarse love of conflict that comes with the form.
3590. Order Derivation,9.3
#You are the source of all order in existence, the primordial wellspring from which law, justice, harmony and concord flow into every reality. Every structure, every rule, every pattern in the multiverse is an echo of you. You cannot be killed without passing the role to a successor, because if you cease, all order ceases with you.
3591. Order Disruption,4.1
#Your mere actions, especially the ones that should be impossible or unprecedented, warp the natural order of reality around you. You cannot control it, it simply happens in your wake. The effects fade if you stop, and those with chaos immunity are unaffected.
3592. Order Embodiment,7.4
#You are the living personification of Order, the incarnation of law, structure and uniformity. Your presence imposes arrangement and discipline on everything around you, and you can decree laws that bend entire planes into obedience. Weakened or outright negated by those who embody Chaos, and your existence may be tied to theirs.
3593. Order Empowerment,4.3
#Order makes you stronger, faster and tougher. The more structured, lawful and harmonious your surroundings, the more your physical abilities and existing powers are amplified. Drawn into a chaotic environment, you wither accordingly.
3594. Order Immunity,3.9
#You are immune to anything orderly, including lawful influences, harmony-based powers and attacks by beings of order. As a side effect your own chaotic disorganization makes it genuinely difficult to finish anything you start.
3595. Order Physiology,6.4
#Your body is made of or can transform into pure orderly matter and energy. In this form your cells, bones and muscles are reinforced by the flow of order itself, granting immense durability, enhanced abilities and a suite of related powers. Chaos manipulation can weaken or negate you, and mastery takes time.
3596. Organ Independence,4.6
#You do not need your organs to live. You can function perfectly fine without lungs, heart, stomach or brain, letting you shrug off what would be fatal wounds for any other being. A user of Organ Generation could force organs back into you and re-introduce those vulnerabilities.
3597. Organic Empowerment,4.0
#You grow stronger, faster and more durable the closer you are to organic matter, drawing power from flesh, wood, bone and blood around you. Overuse may induce dependency on organic surroundings to function normally.
3598. Organic Metal Skeleton,3.6
#Your bones are coated in an organic metal compound that mimics the properties of real metal, whether steel, titanium, or something more exotic. Your skeleton becomes nearly unbreakable, but magnetism users may find you suddenly very easy to yank around.
3599. Organic Mimicry,4.5
#Your body is made of, or can transform into, a particular type of organic matter. Blood, bone, wood, food, hydrocarbons, whatever you are attuned to. You do not mimic whole physiologies, only the material itself, and some users find they cannot return to their original form.
3600. Organic Power Link,4.6
#Your biological nature is directly wired to your powers, with your organics fueling and amplifying them. This lets you push your abilities further than they would otherwise go, but if your body is destabilized, your powers go haywire with it. Decomposition users are your natural counter.
3601. Organic Regeneration,5.2
#You regenerate wounds by absorbing organic substances, whether from corpses, plants, or unfortunate living beings nearby. The biomass either fuels your healing or is directly transmuted into your own mass. Cellular manipulators can unravel you by destroying the organics inside you.
3602. Organite Exoskeleton,6.3
#You possess a powered exoskeleton composed of organite biomachines that constantly evolve alongside you. The armor augments your strength, speed, durability and intellect while adapting to any situation. Left unchecked for too long, the suit may begin to develop a mind of its own.
3603. Organite Physiology,6.2
#Your body is composed of self-aware organite biomachines, allowing you to reshape yourself at will and infect anything you touch, turning it into an extension of yourself. Still vulnerable to diseases, pathogens, and DNA disintegration however, as organic weaknesses still apply.
3604. Origami Mimicry,3.5
#You are or can transform into living origami, with your transformed body being anatomically identical to your normal form aside from being made of paper. Damage can be undone by simply folding yourself back into shape, but you are notably weak against water and fire.
3605. Origin Embodiment,9.3
#You are the living personification of the origin of everything, the first point from which all existence springs. As the Walking Origin you embody the very concept of beginnings, though you do not encompass what lies outside origin or those who have transcended it.
3606. Origin Transcendence,9.1
#You have transcended your own origin, reducing its hold on you from an absolute order to an inconsequential force. You no longer need your creator or source to sustain your existence, and even if your origin is erased or overwritten, you remain. Your actions can defy conventional causality entirely.
3607. Ornament Mimicry,1.6
#You are or can transform into an ornament or decoration. Your transformed form is anatomically identical to your normal form, aside from being made of decorative matter. Most ornaments serve no practical purpose beyond looking pretty, and your form may be rather fragile.
3608. Ornithopod Physiology,3.8
#You possess the physiology of an ornithopod, a group of herbivorous dinosaurs that include hadrosaurs and iguanodons. You gain enhanced physical capabilities, a durable body suited for both bipedal and quadrupedal movement, and the instincts of a herd-dwelling dinosaur.
3609. Orthoptera Physiology,3.0
#You can mimic or transform into orthoptera such as grasshoppers, crickets or locusts, gaining their powerful jumping legs, tough exoskeleton and enhanced metabolism. You will need to eat near constantly, and still find yourself vulnerable to frogs, birds and lizards.
3610. Orthopteranoid Physiology,3.6
#You are or can transform into an orthopteranoid, a humanoid race with the traits of grasshoppers, crickets or locusts. You retain your human intelligence while gaining powerful legs capable of tremendous leaps, a tough chitinous shell and the predatory instincts of a swarming insect.
3611. Osculated Sway,3.4
#Your exocrine glands secrete enzymes through your sweat, saliva, tears and other fluids that induce extreme suggestibility in anyone who comes into contact with them. The closer the contact, the stronger the sway, making a kiss far more persuasive than a handshake.
3612. Oshiroi Baba Physiology,2.8
#You are or can mimic an Oshiroi Baba, a hag-yokai that wanders the night searching for sake and makeup. You gain supernatural endurance and yokai traits, but your appearance is so hideous that humans flee on sight. Vulnerable to shrine rituals and Shinto prayers.
3613. Otariidae Physiology,2.6
#You are or can transform into an otariid, the family of eared seals and sea lions. You gain their swimming prowess, blubbery durability, whiskers and surprising agility on land.
3614. Other Life-Force,4.2
#Your life-force does not match your species, resembling something else entirely, bestial, supernatural, or wholly alien. You still inhabit your original body, but the unusual vitality grants you powers and physical traits of whatever your life-force resembles.
3615. Other Soul,4.4
#Your soul does not match your species, resembling something else, bestial, divine, or utterly alien. This grants you powers and traits tied to whatever your soul resembles, though the mismatch with your body can put you under constant spiritual strain.
3616. Otocephalanoid Physiology,2.8
#You are or can transform into an otocephalanoid, a humanoid fusion of human and otocephalan fish. You possess gills, scales, and the aquatic prowess of your fish lineage while retaining a mostly humanoid frame.
3617. Ouroboros Physiology,6.3
#You are or can transform into an ouroboros, the serpent or dragon that devours its own tail. You embody the cycle of death and rebirth, constantly re-creating yourself, and your mere presence carries the weight of eternity and infinite return.
3618. Outback Monster Physiology,3.8
#You can take on the traits of creatures from Australian folklore, from bunyips lurking in waterholes to drop bears dropping from gum trees, yowies, min min lights and the more fanciful cryptids the Europeans cooked up. A wildly varied grab bag tied to the Dreamtime.
3619. Overdose Immunity,3.1
#You are resistant or outright immune to overdoses, able to consume far greater quantities of substances than would normally be lethal. Does not protect you from substances that are simply lethal in any dose.
3620. Overexertion Immunity,5.3
#You are immune to the effects of physical, mental and spiritual overexertion. Strain, fatigue, burnout, power backlash, none of it touches you, letting you push your body and abilities past their normal limits without paying the usual price. You can still be hurt the old-fashioned way.
3621. Overload Immunity,4.2
#You are immune to all or most forms of overloading, whether sensory, mental, energy, power or memory. Floodlights, shriek attacks and power overflows all wash over you without effect. Certain exotic overloads may still slip past depending on how far your immunity extends.
3622. Overwhelming Influence,5.7
#You possess a staggering amount of real-world influence in a sphere of your choosing - criminal, political, military, economic, religious, etc. Within that sphere you can pull strings that would be impossible for ordinary people, though rivals of equal standing and those with indomitable will can resist or topple you.
3623. Ovinnik Physiology,3.2
#Slavic Mythology - You are or can become an Ovinnik, the mischievous spirit of the threshing house. You possess minor luck manipulation (especially potent around the New Year), fire affinity, and spiritual presence, though you can be appeased with offerings of roosters and bliny, and are vulnerable to cold iron.
3624. Oviparous Reproduction,1.6
#You reproduce by laying eggs instead of live birth. Certain seasonal or environmental conditions may be required for the eggs to be viable.
3625. Owlfolk Physiology,2.8
#You are an owlfolk, a humanoid avian species with feathered limbs, keen nocturnal senses, silent wingbeats and the ability to rotate your head to unsettling degrees. You retain most human dexterity while gaining the instincts of a raptor.
3626. Oxygen Independence,3.6
#You no longer require oxygen to survive, allowing you to function indefinitely in airless environments, underwater, in vacuum, or in toxic atmospheres. You remain vulnerable to airborne hazards that attack through other means.
3627. Pachyderm Companionship,2.2
#You have a natural affinity for pachyderms - elephants, rhinos, hippos and tapirs. You can form deep, unbreakable bonds with one or more of them, and they will follow you loyally through thick and thin.
3628. Pain Embodiment,7.3
#You are the physical embodiment of pain itself. You grow stronger by feeding on the agony of yourself and others, can induce crippling suffering on a whim, and any pain inflicted upon you can be redirected back to the attacker. Those who feel no pain nor care about it reduce your effectiveness.
3629. Pain Empowerment,4.2
#You grow stronger, faster and more durable the more pain you endure. With enough suffering you may unlock new abilities or slow your aging entirely, but the pain still hurts unless you can suppress it - no free lunch.
3630. Pain Immunity,3.8
#You are completely immune to physical pain of all kinds. You can continue fighting, thinking and moving even through grievous injuries without flinching, letting you push past limits that would disable a normal person. The downside: you may not realize how hurt you are until your body gives out entirely.
3631. Pain Resistance,2.8
#Your pain tolerance is far beyond any regular person, you can power through serious injuries and keep swinging when others would collapse. Not true immunity, enough damage will still drop you, but you'll rarely flinch from what would incapacitate anyone else.
3632. Paint Empowerment,2.7
#You grow stronger, faster, and tougher in the presence of paint. Some users can even draw sustenance from it, slow their aging, or unlock new abilities tied to specific colors and affinities. The more paint around you, the more absurd you become.
3633. Paint Mimicry,3.9
#Your body can transform partially or completely into paint. You can keep your normal anatomy in paint form or become a homogeneous blob that no single attack can truly injure. Vulnerable to water and heat, though, both of which can genuinely undo you.
3634. Paintbrush Mimicry,1.1
#You either are or can transform into a paintbrush. May be inanimate while transformed, which is as awkward as it sounds. Hope someone picks you up.
3635. Painting Mimicry,2.9
#You either are or can transform into a living painting, shifting between flat canvas form and your regular physical body. Very handy for hiding and infiltration, although a splash of water can wash you clean away.
3636. Palaeognath Physiology,2.6
#You either are or can transform into a palaeognath, a class of flightless birds including ostriches, emus, kiwis, cassowaries and rheas. Pick your flavor: the cassowary form alone grants lethal kicks and a knife-shaped claw that can disembowel a man.
3637. Pan-Dimensional Physiology,9.3
#You are an infinite-dimensional entity, your existence spanning countably or uncountably infinite dimensions, up to and including absolute infinity. You sit above endless hierarchies of layers of existence, each lower one utterly trivialized by your presence. Still encompassed by users of Unity, and weak against Existence Grounding.
3638. Pan-Temporal Presence,9.0
#You are present across all of time at once, the past, the present, the future and every alternate timeline. You exist in every moment simultaneously, granting you boundless knowledge of every event that ever occurred or will occur. The constant flood of information is dangerous to an unprepared mind and can overload those who cannot handle omniscience.
3639. Pancake Mimicry,1.5
#Your body has the traits of a pancake. Flat, flexible, warm, and unfortunately quite appetizing, you can fold and flop yourself through tight spaces but should probably avoid anyone wielding syrup and a fork.
3640. Panda Monster Physiology,4.2
#You either are or can transform into a panda monster, a hulking ursine horror with supernatural strength, durability and a predator's instincts. Vulnerable to Monster Manipulation users, and of course, Monster Slayers have a particular interest in you.
3641. Panda Physiology,2.2
#You either are or can transform into a panda bear. Surprisingly strong jaws, thick fur, and the ability to sit around eating bamboo all day guilt-free. Giant pandas are also stronger than their cuteness suggests, with the bite force to crush steel pipes.
3642. Panmnesia,6.6
#You have perfect total memory. Everything you have ever read, heard, seen, experienced or learned is stored in your mind with pristine clarity and can be recalled instantly without strain. Your brain's storage is unlimited, and you will remember every moment of your life from birth to death without a single detail lost.
3643. Panotti Physiology,1.2
#Greek Mythology - You are a Panotti, a humanoid with enormous ears so large you can use them as blankets. Your hearing is exceptional and your ears provide surprisingly decent insulation, but they're awkward in tight spaces and make for an obvious target.
3644. Pantherine Physiology,3.5
#You possess the traits of the great cats, able to transform partially or fully into a lion, tiger, leopard, jaguar or similar pantherine. You gain the strength, speed, stealth and predatory senses of whichever big cat you draw from, and can mix and match traits across species with practice.
3645. Paper Empowerment,3.0
#You grow stronger, faster and more durable the closer you are to paper. In a library or a printing press you are a monster; in the desert, not so much. With enough mastery you can even draw sustenance from paper and slow your own aging.
3646. Paper Mimicry,4.0
#Your body is made of paper, or can be transformed entirely into it, letting you scatter into loose sheets, reform, and shape additional limbs or weapons from your own mass. You retain vulnerabilities to fire, water and air-based attacks, which can be devastating to your form.
3647. Papinijuwari Physiology,4.6
#You are a Papinijuwari, a one-eyed demonic giant from Aboriginal myth who stalks the sick and dead. You possess immense size and strength, supernatural scent for detecting illness and death, and a vampiric appetite for blood. You can shrink down to slip into dwellings unnoticed. Vulnerable to Aboriginal relics, prayers and giant slayers.
3648. Paracanthurus Physiology,2.2
#You are or can transform into a Royal Blue Tang, the same species as Dory from Finding Nemo. You gain all the traits of the fish, which unfortunately includes needing to be in water to survive and being prey to sharks.
3649. Paradox Existence,7.6
#You are a paradoxical existence, a being whose very being contradicts itself yet somehow does not self-destruct. You could travel back in time to introduce your parents, become your own grandfather, or cause the event that created you. The spacetime continuum may occasionally try to reject you from reality, and meeting another of your kind could be catastrophic.
3650. Paradox Immunity,7.5
#You are immune to the effects of any paradox as if it simply didn't happen. Reality-ending contradictions pass over you, and even paradoxes you cause yourself, such as killing your past self, leave you completely untouched. Immunity Bypassing is the only counter.
3651. Parallel Existence,8.4
#You exist across every parallel universe and timeline simultaneously, with a version of yourself in each of them descending from the original. With training you can communicate with or even control your parallel copies, coordinating actions across infinite worlds. If the primordial you is destroyed, all copies may fall with it.
3652. Parallel Processing,4.2
#Your mind can carry out multiple calculations and thought processes simultaneously, letting you hold several trains of thought in parallel instead of juggling them sequentially. There is a limit to how many threads you can maintain at once, and it scales with mental stats.
3653. Paralysis Immunity,4.0
#You are immune to being paralyzed or immobilized by any means, including Molecular Immobilization and Paralysis Inducement. May be limited to effects that target your physique and not outside forces holding you in place.
3654. Paralyzing Venom,3.5
#You possess venom capable of paralyzing effects, ranging from mild sedation to full body lockdown to outright death depending on the dose. You may not be immune to your own venom, so handle your fangs or glands with care.
3655. Paranormal Immunity,5.7
#You are immune to paranormal effects from unnatural entities, including magic, curses, possession, spectral attacks and supernatural conversion. Vampires, werewolves, demons and ghosts cannot turn, curse or ride you. Unfortunately this extends to beneficial magic too, so healing spells and blessings simply slide off of you.
3656. Parasite Empowerment,3.3
#Your body is infested with parasites and you draw power from them. The more parasites you host, the stronger you become, though your body must tolerate the infestation to reap the benefits.
3657. Parasite Immunity,2.1
#You are completely immune to parasitic infection. You can eat parasite-infested food, swim in infested waters or get bitten by vectors without any worry of catching something nasty.
3658. Parasite Physiology,3.6
#Your body is that of a parasite, or you can mimic one. You can latch onto a host and siphon their vitality to sustain yourself, but without a host you wither quickly. Fictional parasites tend to be closer to parasitoids, so your biology leans deadly by default.
3659. Parasite Symbiosis,4.6
#You host parasitic organisms within you and gain powers from the bond, ranging from ordinary parasites to parasitic gods. The stronger the parasite, the more it offers and the more it demands, and weaker-willed hosts can find themselves slowly taken over.
3661. Parasol Mimicry,2.4
#You can transform your body into parasols or become one entirely. In transformed state you share all the weaknesses a normal parasol has, but you can disassemble into a cloud of them and reform elsewhere.
3662. Pard Physiology,2.9
#You are or can transform into a pard, a large leopard-like feline with white spots dotting its body. You gain feline speed, grace and predator instincts, though beings who control felines or mythical creatures may find you easier to influence.
3663. Parrot Physiology,2.3
#You are or can transform into a parrot, either partially or fully. In addition to flight and the expected avian traits, you possess an uncanny ability to mimic voices and sounds with perfect accuracy, as well as a surprisingly sharp intelligence for problem solving.
3664. Particle Empowerment,4.8
#You grow stronger, faster and more durable when exposed to particles, potentially unlocking particle-affinity abilities and enhancing existing ones. Some users draw sustenance directly from ambient particles, slowing or even stopping their aging entirely.
3665. Particle Mimicry,6.2
#Your body is made of or can transform completely into particles. In this form you can be anatomically intact or a homogeneous cloud, flowing around attacks and reforming at will. Some users become nearly intangible beams of living matter, others reinforce their cells, bones and muscles with the particles flowing through them.
3666. Particle Power Link,5.4
#Your particle nature is linked directly to your powers, fueling and strengthening them at the subatomic level. Your abilities scale with your particulate essence, letting you push them further than most users could. May destabilize if your particle nature is disturbed, and vulnerable to Charged Particle Absorption.
3667. Passerine Physiology,2.2
#You are or can transform into a passerine bird such as a corvid, robin, finch or swallow, either partially or fully. You gain flight, sharp avian senses, and the natural cleverness associated with songbirds and corvids, with lyrebird variants capable of uncanny sound mimicry.
3668. Passion Embodiment,6.5
#You are the embodiment of all forms of passion - love, lust, desire, devotion, obsession. You can induce overwhelming passions in others that utterly consume them, driving them to ruin or rapture. The downside is that you are just as much ruled by your own passions as they are, and your mood can swing wildly from moment to moment.
3669. Past Embodiment,7.6
#You are the living past. The timeline of everything that has ever happened exists within you, and you can cause paradoxes without universal consequence since you are the one that holds history together. All that was, is you.
3670. Pasta Mimicry,1.7
#You are partially or completely made of pasta and can transform into any noodle-based form - spaghetti, ravioli, lasagna, ramen, you name it. Unfortunately this means you are extremely vulnerable to rot and also to hungry people.
3671. Pathogen Carrying,4.0
#You are an asymptomatic carrier of various diseases, viruses, and pathogens. You show no symptoms and are immune to what you carry, but can spread it freely. Depending on the pathogen, you may also inherit powerful disease-based abilities tied to it. People may also try to harvest you for a cure.
3672. Patience Embodiment,6.3
#You are the embodiment of Patience itself. You are incapable of impulsive or irrational behaviour, and you can convert your patient actions into an energy that can be used offensively, defensively, or in support of others. Can be overpowered by those who embody Hatred or Wrath.
3673. Paw Protrusion,0.8
#You have or can generate soft cushy paws on your feet and body, acting as natural shock absorbers for your load-bearing limbs. They are incredibly cute.
3674. Pea Mimicry,0.9
#You are made of peas or can transform your body into peas. Your pea-form can either be anatomically identical to your normal body or a homogeneous mass of legume. You may be vulnerable to being eaten and may have trouble changing back.
3675. Peace Derivation,9.2
#You are the source of all peace and harmony in existence. Everything that is tranquil, everything that is free from hostility and violence, derives its nature from you - and as long as you exist, peace does too. You have absolute dominion over every force of peace and harmony, but you cannot escape the role without passing it to another, and if you died, peace itself would cease to exist.
3676. Peace Embodiment,7.4
#You are the embodiment of peace itself. Your mere presence calms raging hearts, settles disputes and eases troubled minds. Violence simply unravels around you, weapons feel heavier in hands that would raise them against others, and hatred loses its grip. However, you are fundamentally incapable of attacking or causing harm, and beings embodying War, Rage or Chaos stand in direct opposition to you.
3677. Peafowl Physiology,2.3
#You are or can transform into a peafowl, either partially or fully. As a peacock you gain dazzling plumage that stuns onlookers, enhanced vision and flight capability, while as a peahen you gain sharper senses and better camouflage.
3678. Absolute Balance,8.6
#Your sense of balance is infinite and absolute. You will never be knocked off your feet, never experience vertigo or nausea, and can stand perfectly on the tip of a needle atop a spinning planet during an earthquake. Orientation is a concept that does not apply to you. Nothing in reality short of absolute-tier powers can throw you off balance.
3679. Enhanced Balance,3.2
#Your balance is enhanced to superhuman levels. You are almost impossible to knock down, recover from stumbles instantly, and can stand perfectly poised on the edge of a spinning coin. Your body instinctively adjusts its center of gravity to any surface, no matter how narrow or unstable.
3680. Supernatural Balance,4.6
#Your balance is unnaturally perfect, beyond what any training could produce. You can walk across a storm-tossed rope bridge in a hurricane without breaking stride, stand on a single raindrop, or do a handstand on a moving bullet. Sensory-based attacks may still throw you off, but little else can.
3681. Absolute Beauty,8.7
#You possess beauty so supreme it transcends the very concept of attraction. Every being that lays eyes on you is utterly captivated, regardless of orientation, species or whether they even understand beauty at all. Your allure is absolute and irresistible, bending hearts, minds and wills by mere existence.
3682. Enhanced Beauty,4.1
#Your beauty is on the level of a storybook princess or fairytale prince charming, well beyond what a human can reach but below the divine beauty of love goddesses and angels. You wield considerable social influence effortlessly, though your appearance is hard to hide and may attract unwanted attention.
3683. Supernatural Beauty,6.3
#Your beauty is flawless and unearthly, projecting a mystical and empathic effect on all who perceive you. Observers will see their own idealized vision of perfection when they look at you, falling into awe with just a glance, word or gesture. Only those with Indomitable Will or Seduction Immunity can resist.
3684. Peak Human Beauty,2.6
#You are as beautiful as the most stunning humans in history, easily receiving favors, special treatment and affection from admirers. Still within natural human bounds, so those with Enhanced Beauty will outshine you, and spurning an admirer can turn their adoration into bitter spite.
3685. Absolute Body,9.0
#Your body is absolute. Your strength can lift multiverses, your speed makes travel instantaneous, and your durability borders on true invincibility. Every cell, bone and drop of blood in you is perfected and infinite. You are the physical ideal taken to its limitless conclusion.
3686. Enhanced Body,4.3
#Your body operates just above peak human, letting you lift cars and boulders weighing several tons, run at speeds between 40 and 768 mph, and react to sniper rounds well enough to catch them barehanded. Lack of matching mental enhancements may cause problems, and the sheer superiority can foster arrogance.
3687. Supernatural Body,6.2
#Your physical abilities are unnaturally superior, far beyond what any training could ever produce. You are immensely stronger, faster and more durable than anyone else in your world could naturally become. Absolute Body users can still outperform you, and the obvious superiority tends to breed megalomania.
3688. Peak Human Body,2.8
#Your body is at the absolute peak of natural human potential, outclassing Olympic athletes in every physical attribute. Still firmly human, though, so anything enhanced can outperform you. Maintaining this condition may require strict diet and continuous training.
3689. Absolute Condition,9.3
#Every attribute you possess, physical, mental and spiritual, is at an infinite and absolute level. Your strength lifts multiverses, your speed crosses infinities in a finite moment, your intellect surpasses any god. Nothing in existence can match you on any front, because you are the condition of a god made flesh.
3690. Enhanced Condition,4.8
#Your entire body and mind operate above peak human in every respect, strength, speed, endurance, agility, durability, reflexes, senses, intelligence and willpower all dramatically augmented. You effortlessly perform feats no elite athlete could dream of, though you fall short of true superhuman levels and can be overpowered by those above you.
3691. Supernatural Condition,6.6
#Your body and mind vastly surpass any natural limit, reaching advanced superhuman levels that can scale into cosmic. Your strength ranges from leveling cities to shattering planets and stars, your speed breaks the light barrier, and your senses pierce worlds. Only those with Absolute Condition outmatch you, and the Plateau Effect may eventually cap your growth.
3692. Peak Human Condition,3.0
#Your body and mind are pushed to the absolute maximum of natural human potential, surpassing Olympic athletes and genius-level thinkers alike. Anything enhanced and above can still overpower you, and maintaining this condition may require a strict training regimen.
3693. Enhanced Grip,2.9
#Your grip is enhanced far beyond natural strength, letting you latch onto anything and refuse to let go. Whether through sheer muscle or adhesive skin, once you have hold of something, prying it free is a nightmare.
3694. Supernatural Grip,4.2
#Your grip is nearly unbreakable and can crush almost anything caught in your hand. Some users manifest claws sharp enough to cut as they grasp. Absolute Invulnerability is the only thing that reliably shrugs it off.
3695. Peak Human Grip,2.2
#Your grip strength sits at 500 psi, enough to crush a human skull barehanded, bend thick steel bars, snap chains, and hang from any surface for as long as you need. You may have to be careful with handshakes and coffee mugs.
3696. Absolute Mind,9.1
#Your mind is absolute, infinitely superior to every other intellect in your universe. You possess god-level intelligence, infinite imagination, wisdom beyond gods, and cognitive abilities no other being can comprehend, let alone replicate. Every thought you have is a miracle of reason in motion.
3697. Enhanced Mind,4.3
#Your mental capabilities are pushed beyond any ordinary human mind, granting heightened intelligence, intuition, creativity and wisdom just below superhuman. You solve the world's hardest equations in minutes, master new subjects in hours, and retain perfect recall of everything you've ever experienced.
3698. Supernatural Mind,6.1
#Your mental faculties are unnaturally vast, clearly superior to any normal mind in your world. You are smarter, cleverer and wiser than anything natural training could ever produce. Absolute Mind users still outwit you, and the obvious superiority tends to make you underestimate those around you.
3699. Peak Human Mind,2.7
#Your mind is at the absolute pinnacle of human potential without crossing into the superhuman. Your intelligence, creativity, perception and wisdom are all genius-level, letting you effortlessly unravel problems that would stump the brightest minds. Still just shy of truly enhanced.
3700. Pearl Empowerment,2.3
#You become stronger, faster and more durable the closer you are to pearls, and holding one can unlock latent pearl-related abilities. A string of pearls around your neck is basically a battery.
3701. Pearl Mimicry,4.0
#Your body is made of pearl, or can transform into it at will. In homogenous form you possess no vital organs and gain a smooth iridescent beauty, though pearls are ultimately fragile and can be chipped or shattered by sufficient force.
3702. Pech Physiology,4.1
#You are a Pech, a gnome of Scottish folklore famous for their unfathomable strength and heather-brewed ale. Even a dying ancient Pech could crush a metal cup with one hand, and in your prime you can casually move stones meant for monolithic structures. You age extremely slowly but are vulnerable to cold iron and rustic charms.
3703. Pegasus Physiology,4.7
#Greek Mythology - You are or can transform into a pegasus, a winged divine horse. In this form you gain immense equine strength, flight via feathered wings, and a trace of the semi-divine nature of the original Pegasus of myth.
3704. Pelecaniform Physiology,2.6
#You are or can transform into a pelecaniform bird — pelican, heron, ibis, spoonbill or shoebill. You gain the flight, fishing talents and distinctive traits of whichever you choose, including the shoebill's unsettling thousand-yard stare.
3705. Peluda Physiology,5.4
#European Folklore - You are or can transform into the Peluda, the Shaggy Beast of medieval France. Your body is covered in green hair-like tentacles that can erect into poisonous quills and be fired as projectiles, and you have the scaly neck and head of a serpent and a tortoise-like shell. Your tail, however, is not invulnerable, and severing it is instantly lethal.
3706. Pen Mimicry,1.1
#You are or can transform into a pen. Any kind, from a cheap ballpoint to a fancy fountain pen. Just hope nobody with ink manipulation is around to make your life miserable.
3707. Pencil Mimicry,1.0
#You are or can transform into a pencil. Fragile, snappable, eraseable. You will live in fear of sharpeners.
3708. Penguin Physiology,2.0
#You are or can transform into a penguin, gaining their swimming prowess, insulation against extreme cold and, of course, their unmatched tuxedo waddle. Watch out for leopard seals.
3709. Penguinfolk Physiology,2.6
#You are a penguinfolk, a humanoid penguin from fantasy settings. You possess a humanoid form with penguin traits, granting you cold immunity, exceptional swimming, and a natural affinity for icy climates.
3710. Pentagram Empowerment,3.1
#You draw strength, speed and durability from the presence of pentagrams. The more pentagrams nearby, the stronger you become, and some of your latent magical abilities may awaken in their presence.
3711. Pepper Mimicry,2.1
#You are made of pepper or can transform your body into it, either retaining your anatomy as a pepper-form or becoming homogeneous matter. Unfortunately you are edible, and a sneeze at the wrong moment can be catastrophic.
3712. Enhanced Perception,3.6
#You possess powerful analytical and observational skills, catching minuscule details others would miss. You can read people and situations with precision, predict outcomes with unsettling accuracy, and always find the optimal approach, making you a natural master planner.
3713. Supernatural Perception,5.8
#Your perception is obviously beyond the natural limits of your species. You perceive, analyze and observe with supernatural clarity, able to catch details and patterns no mortal ever could. Not omniscience, but close enough that normal detectives, tacticians and readers of people simply cannot keep up with you.
3714. Peak Perception,2.7
#Your perception is at the absolute peak of human ability. You spot tiny details others overlook, read people effortlessly, and always know the optimal course of action. A peak human intellect pairs perfectly with this.
3715. Perfect Appearance,3.0
#You always look immaculate no matter the circumstances. Starving in a ditch, covered in mud, dying of thirst - it does not matter, your hair is perfect, your skin is flawless, and you look like you just stepped out of a day spa. You may still show signs of injury, but you'll be a gorgeous wreck.
3716. Performance Art Empowerment,3.0
#You become stronger, faster, and more durable in the presence of performance arts. Singing, acting and dancing all fuel you, and a stage with a live audience may awaken dormant abilities. Some users can draw sustenance from entertainment itself.
3717. Peri Physiology,5.4
#You are or can transform into a Peri, an exquisite winged spirit of Persian myth. Your beauty is otherworldly, your body light and graceful, and you possess a benevolent affinity for mankind as well as minor spiritual powers and flight. However, divs and daeva hunt Peri and can imprison them in iron cages.
3718. Periodic Element Empowerment,4.0
#You become stronger, faster and more durable when in contact with elements of the periodic table, drawing sustenance from them and even slowing your aging. The more elements surrounding you, the more pronounced the boost, though overuse may induce dependency.
3719. Perpetual Consciousness,3.3
#You are immune to being knocked unconscious. No blow to the head, no chokehold, no tranquilizer can make you black out. You can keep fighting and functioning until you take too much damage or are outright killed. You can still sleep normally, since sleep is a different state of consciousness.
3720. Perpetual Nourishment,4.5
#You are endlessly nourished, perpetually in perfect health and re-energized without end. You never go hungry, never waste away, and always recover to prime condition. You may still need some form of source to draw from, whether that is sunlight, ambient energy, or something stranger.
3721. Perseverance Empowerment,4.2
#You grow faster, stronger and more durable the more you persevere, and can even draw fuel from the perseverance of others around you. The harder the wall you push against, the more it fuels you, potentially unlocking new abilities under duress. Despair, rage, or fear can weaken or overwhelm this empowerment.
3722. Personal Absorption Manipulation,4.7
#You have complete control over your own absorption. Whatever power of absorption you possess, you choose what to absorb, who to absorb, the rate of absorption, and whether it happens at all. Touching something no longer means absorbing it by accident, and you can dial the intake to a trickle or a flood at will.
3723. Personal Afterlife,6.6
#Upon your death, a personalized metaphysical realm manifests, a crafted afterlife shaped by your nature, morality, emotions and past experiences. It can be a personal heaven, hell, limbo or purgatory, with its conditions and inhabitants shifting according to your intentions. Depending on what you constructed for yourself, you may find yourself blissfully at peace or forever stuck in torment of your own making.
3724. Personal Blessing,4.2
#You possess a personal blessing, be it holy favor, divine grace, spiritual redemption or arcane enhancement. It grants you beneficial supernatural effects passively and can sometimes be extended to others. Curses and sacrilege can weaken or counter it depending on the source.
3725. Personal Curse,4.2
#You carry a personal curse of magical, divine or spiritual origin that grants you supernatural effects. These effects are often detrimental but can be weaponized and extended to others. Curse removal or blessing manipulation can strip you of the power entirely.
3726. Personal Enchantment,3.6
#You carry a personal enchantment, a magical effect woven into you by some specialized spellwork or raw exposure to magic. Its nature can be a blessing, a curse or something in between, and the source of the enchantment largely defines what you can do with it. Weak to anti-magic and dispelling effects.
3727. Personal Insulation,3.8
#Your body is a living insulator, capable of resisting the passage of energy and matter through it. Electricity, heat, sound, and radiation are shrugged off, and you can also choose to let things pass through safely when you want them to. Strong enough energies can still overwhelm your insulation.
3728. Personal Joints,2.1
#You have complete control over your own joints, able to dislocate them painlessly, increase your flexibility to contortionist levels, and extend your reach by popping limbs out of socket. Useful for escaping restraints, fitting through tight spaces, and unnerving people at parties.
3729. Personal Liminality,5.7
#You exist in a personal liminal state, perpetually between two forms of being, whether physical and spiritual, alive and dead, material and conceptual, or any other threshold. From this in-between place, you can manifest abilities completely unavailable to either of the states you border. Your exact nature determines your specific techniques.
3730. Personal Mastery,9.2
#You have complete and absolute mastery over anything and everything that relates to you. Your body, mind, soul, reality, space, time, identity, perceptions, and origin are all yours to command absolutely. Any attempt to replicate, manipulate, or attack you through your own essence backfires onto the attacker. You are the sole authority over yourself.
3731. Personal Mortality,6.3
#You have full control over your own susceptibility to life and death. You can make yourself completely unkillable when you choose, or drop the protection to become as fragile as any mortal. Useful for surviving impossible situations, though immortality negation and soul destruction bypass it entirely. Once truly dead, you may stay that way.
3732. Personal Nature,6.5
#You possess your own personal biosphere within your being, containing fauna, flora, geology, weather, and entire ecosystems. You are one with a natural environment that exists as part of you, and can draw on its lifeforms and forces at will. Often associated with living celestials or genius loci made flesh.
3733. Personal Negative-Emotion Suppression,3.2
#You can suppress or completely negate negative emotions within yourself. Fear, sadness, anger, despair, and grief do not touch you, leaving you emotionally stable in any situation. This does not make you perpetually happy, only free from the downward pull. May not always be possible to switch off.
3734. Personal Nuclear Conservation,4.6
#Your body obeys its own personal law of nuclear conservation, storing potential energy in your particles and releasing it as radiation and kinetic force whenever you want. You can channel that stored energy into attacks, reinforce your body with it, or dump it all at once in a burst. In environments devoid of radiation your reserves can run dry.
3735. Personal Physicality,5.4
#You have full control over your own physical attributes, strength, speed, durability, reflexes, endurance and so on. You can rebalance them on the fly, dumping all your stats into one trait for a moment or spreading them evenly across a fight. Your ceiling is still defined by your baseline, but within that range you are fluid.
3736. Personal Positive-Emotion Suppression,2.6
#You can suppress or outright negate positive emotions within yourself, or simply never feel them at all. Useful for resisting charm, morale effects and joy-based mental attacks, though it may not be something you can turn off once it sets in. You will never be manipulated through happiness, but you won't feel it either.
3737. Personal Pouch,2.3
#You have a marsupial-style pouch on your body that you can store things in, weapons, tools, food, whatever fits. The capacity depends on the pouch's size and its contents stay secure until you reach in for them. Just be aware the pouch and everything in it can be cut away if someone is determined enough.
3738. Personal Power Source,5.7
#You possess a personal power source that is completely idiosyncratic to you, no one else anywhere has access to it. Whether it's an outside entity, a unique object, a secret practice or something stranger, it fuels every ability you have and cannot be stolen, copied or tapped by anyone but you. A power base with no competition.
3739. Personal Soundtrack,3.6
#You have a personal soundtrack that plays in the background of your life, giving you situational intuition through its tone. Foreboding music means danger, a heroic theme means you are on the right path, goofy music means shenanigans are afoot. Others may be able to hear it too, which can complicate stealth, and your tastes shifting may force you to re-learn the cues.
3740. Personal Symbol,4.3
#You bear a personal symbol emblazoned somewhere on your body, a brand or rune that grants you extraordinary power based on its design and origin. The exact capabilities it bestows depend on the symbol itself. Altering or damaging the mark can weaken or outright cancel its effects.
3741. Perversion Empowerment,2.6
#You grow stronger, faster, and more durable fueled by perversion, whether your own or those around you. The more degenerate thoughts in the air, the more potent you become. In a room of saints you are a weakling; at a convention you are a god.
3742. Peryton Physiology,3.3
#You are or can transform into a peryton, a mythical creature that is a cross between a great stag and a bird of prey. You possess antlered flight, sharp hooves, and the unsettling trait of casting a human shadow rather than your own.
3743. Pestilence Derivation,9.3
#You are the primordial source of all pestilence, disease and plague in the cosmos. As long as you exist, sickness exists, and you hold total dominion over every affliction. Anyone near you grows sicker by the moment. You cannot escape this burden without passing it to another, and if you die, all disease everywhere ceases to be.
3744. Petrification Immunity,3.0
#You are immune to petrification and all related abilities. No gorgon stare, no stone curse, no petrifying venom can turn you to rock. Omni-absorption, power negation and immunity bypassing are your only weaknesses.
3745. Petrifying Saliva,3.5
#Your saliva causes petrification on contact. Spit, lick, or bite a target and watch them turn to stone. Range and precision depend on your spitting ability, and you only produce so much saliva per day.
3746. Petrifying Venom,3.7
#Your venom turns victims to stone. Delivered through a bite, sting, or coated weapon, the rock-casting toxin spreads from the wound outward. Poison immunity and petrification immunity are your natural counters.
3747. Phagogenesis,4.6
#You reproduce by devouring organisms, and the traits of whatever you consume are imparted onto your offspring. Eat a lion, birth something with claws. Eat a psychic, birth something with a mind. Your children are chimeras of your diet.
3748. Phasmatodea Physiology,3.2
#You are or can transform into a stick or leaf insect, either partially or fully. In this form your camouflage is nearly perfect in the right environment, you can cling to any surface, and you possess the regenerative and molting traits of phasmids. Still vulnerable to birds and bug spray.
3749. Phenomenon Embodiment,7.4
#You are the living embodiment of a phenomenon, whether a typhoon, an earthquake, an eclipse or something less tangible. You wield that force as an extension of yourself and grow in power as it manifests. You may not have full control and Phenomenon Elimination is a hard counter.
3750. Phenomenon Empowerment,6.2
#You grow stronger, faster, and more durable in the presence of phenomena, and may unlock new abilities tied to whichever anomaly you are exposed to. You can even feed on phenomena to sustain yourself and slow your aging. Deprived of observable events to draw from, you weaken.
3751. Phenomenon Power Link,6.6
#Your phenomenal nature is directly linked to your powers, with observable events fueling and amplifying whatever abilities you possess. The stronger the phenomenon you are channeling, the stronger your powers become. An unstable phenomenal state may cause your powers to run wild.
3752. Philosophy Embodiment,7.3
#You are the living embodiment of philosophy itself, the study of reality, existence, knowledge, and mind made flesh. You grow stronger when your philosophical ideals are affirmed and can unleash attacks drawn from the doctrines that define you. You must hold a genuine philosophical view to wield this.
3753. Philosophy Empowerment,6.0
#You grow stronger, faster, and more durable in the presence of philosophy, whether spoken, read, or debated. Each doctrine you encounter may unlock affinities and strengthen your existing powers. You can even draw sustenance from philosophical discourse, but in a world devoid of ideas you wither.
3754. Phocidae Physiology,2.8
#You are or can transform into a true seal, such as an elephant seal, leopard seal or hooded seal. You are an incredible swimmer with blubber insulation, crushing jaws, and excellent diving lungs, but you are noticeably clumsy on land.
3755. Phoenix Dragon Physiology,7.5
#You are or can transform into a Phoenix Dragon, a hybrid of two of the most prominent mythical beasts. You possess the ferocity, scales and destructive breath of a dragon alongside the regal grace, rebirth and holy fire of a phoenix. Only someone with both Phoenix Slayer and Dragon Slayer capabilities can truly kill you.
3756. Phone Mimicry,2.0
#You are or can transform your body into a phone or phones, keeping all your organs and anatomy intact but made entirely of phone parts. In homogeneous form you are just phone. Vulnerable to water, EMPs, and microwave manipulation.
3757. Phorusrhacidae Physiology,3.4
#You are or can transform into a phorusrhacid, the extinct South American 'terror bird'. You gain a massive hooked beak capable of shattering bone, powerful running legs, and the predatory instincts of an apex flightless killer that once ruled a continent.
3758. Photo-Negative Mimicry,2.1
#You are or can transform into a photo-negative version of yourself, seeing the world in inverted colours and existing as an eerie negative image. Unsettling to look at and surprisingly hard to perceive in low light for those without enhanced senses.
3759. Photographic Appearance,2.7
#You are only visible in photographs and film, invisible to the naked eye and every other sensory medium. A trait normally associated with ghosts and darker spirits, and unnerving once someone flips through their vacation photos and finds you in every shot.
3760. Photographic Existence,3.1
#You exist only within photographs, drifting from one to another and appearing in the backgrounds of pictures as a hidden figure. As soon as a photo is taken anywhere, you can apply yourself into it, lurking in an alleyway or shadowed doorway. You cannot directly interact with the world outside of still images.
3761. Photokinetically Enhanced Condition,4.1
#Your body is constantly stimulated by ambient light radiance, dramatically amplifying your physical and mental attributes. You jump further, react faster, and think quicker the more light you are bathed in. Light absorption or negation powers can cut you down to size.
3762. Photosynthetic Blood,3.5
#Your blood is photosynthetic, granting you plantlike traits. You can sustain yourself by simply standing in the sun, heal faster under direct light, and gain minor affinities with plant life. Prolonged sun blocking will weaken you or even kill you.
3763. Physical Force Adaptation,4.0
#Your body adapts to any physical force that acts on it, whether pushing, pulling, crushing, or friction. Given time you can walk unharmed through gale winds, deep pressure, or powerful impacts, your body shifting to handle forces that would normally kill you.
3764. Physical Force Embodiment,7.4
#You are the living embodiment of physical forces themselves, the walking personification of deformation, friction, inertia, and motion. You do not simply use forces, you are them, and manipulating them is as natural as breathing. May be limited to embodying a specific force rather than all of them.
3765. Physical Force Empowerment,4.3
#You become stronger, faster and more durable when in contact with physical forces. Standing in strong winds, heavy gravity or high-kinetic environments empowers you instead of hindering you, and you can draw sustenance from raw force to slow your aging.
3766. Physical Force Immunity,5.4
#You are unaffected by physical forces, gravity cannot pin you, pressure cannot crush you, and acceleration cannot tear your body apart. You may still feel pain from them, and supernatural forces like magic can still affect you.
3767. Physical Force Mimicry,5.7
#Your body is made of or can transform into raw physical force, whether kinetic, gravitational, or magnetic in nature. In this form you retain anatomy but gain the properties of the force you embody, granting immense offensive and defensive utility.
3768. Physical Force Power Link,4.3
#Your powers are fueled and channeled through your own physical force, the harder you move, strike, or exert yourself, the stronger your abilities become. Requires a certain mental state to maintain the link and can destabilize if your force output is erratic.
3769. Physical Force Symbiosis,5.3
#You are symbiotically bonded to a physical force entity, an embodiment of gravity, kinetics, or some fundamental interaction. The bond grants potent force-based abilities, but the entity may try to assert control over your body, and powerful forces channeled through you can tear your flesh apart.
3770. Physical Godhood,9.3
#You possess every scientific power imaginable, wielding nigh-omnipotence over matter, energy, forces, and particles from the subatomic to the galactic scale. You can reshape the upscale structure of anything in the universe and beyond, though you have the potential for godhood and not yet the experience to execute all of it flawlessly. Supernatural and magical forces may give you trouble.
3771. Physical Law Adaptation,5.6
#Your body and powers automatically adapt to whatever physical laws govern your surroundings, allowing you to function normally even in universes where gravity flows sideways or light moves at walking speed. Adaptation may have a ceiling depending on how alien the laws are.
3772. Physical Law Immunity,7.8
#You are unaffected by the physical laws of the universe, space-time, matter, fundamental forces, chemistry, and particle behavior all fail to bind you. You exist as an exception in the equation of reality, though immunity-bypassing abilities and Almighty Law Creation can override this.
3773. Physics Independence,6.8
#You are able to operate without physics of any kind, functioning with no need for gravity, electricity, inertia, friction, time, space, or even the mathematics underlying them. You simply continue to exist and act regardless of whether the rules that govern everything else apply to you.
3774. Physics Powered Physiology,5.6
#Your body is composed of and powered by scientific forces, your flesh replaced with a quasi-physical form of manipulated energies and forces that you can shape and command. Your physiology itself is an expression of physics in motion.
3775. Physics Retention,6.0
#Your personal physics and physical laws remain with you no matter what. If someone rewrites the laws of your universe or you travel to a realm where physics works differently, your own laws continue to apply to you and you alone. You may be unable to use the altered physics around you even if you wanted to.
3776. Piñata Mimicry,1.4
#You either are or can transform into a papier-mâché piñata stuffed with candy. Fragile as you'd expect, one good whack and you're confetti. At least whoever broke you gets a treat.
3777. Piano Mimicry,1.1
#You either are or can transform into a piano. In this form you can still be played, but good luck moving anywhere on your own.
3778. Piciform Physiology,2.3
#You possess the traits of piciformes, gaining the abilities of woodpeckers and their kin. Your skull can absorb incredible impacts without concussion, your beak-equivalent can drill into hardwood, and your tongue can extend absurdly far to snatch prey.
3779. Picolaton Physiology,2.9
#You either are or can mimic a Picolaton, a folkloric bogeyman bird that hunts misbehaving and lazy children, pecking at their heels to force them to work. You can carry victims back to your thorn-bush nest but tend towards scaring rather than killing. Mortal despite your magic, skilled hunters can put you down.
3780. Pie Mimicry,2.0
#Your body is completely made of pie. You can keep your normal anatomy with all its organs (and corresponding vulnerabilities) or shift into homogeneous pie matter where no part is more vital than any other. Watch out for anything that induces rot.
3781. Piercing Immunity,3.8
#You are completely immune to damage from piercing attacks. Stabs, impalements, bullets, arrows, nothing that relies on puncturing can hurt you. Absolute piercing, dimensional piercing and phase stabbing can still get through.
3782. Pijavica Physiology,4.1
#Slovenian Folklore - You are a Pijavica, a vampire born from the souls of the most sinful dead. You stalk the night draining blood, often compelled to return to torment your own living relatives. Crushed garlic and wine keep you out of homes, sunlight keeps you in the grave, and only fire or a proper exorcism at your resting place can truly end you.
3783. Pika Physiology,1.8
#You either are or can transform into a pika, the small mountain-dwelling lagomorph. You gain their cold tolerance, agility across rocky terrain and their habit of hoarding food for winter. Mostly adorable, occasionally useful.
3784. Pillow Mimicry,1.3
#You either are or can transform into a pillow. Comfy, unassuming, and completely unable to do anything until someone picks you up.
3785. Pillywiggin Physiology,3.3
#You either are or can transform into a pillywiggin, a tiny butterfly or dragonfly-winged fairy that tends to flowers. You gain fey magic tied to plants and growth, but like all fairies you are weak to iron and other anti-fey materials.
3786. Pilot Imitation,3.0
#You are a mechanical being, usually a mecha, capable of learning and mimicking the movements and techniques of a pilot, controller or bonded partner. Mimicry is not instantaneous and you must be able to sense what you are copying, so anything they do out of your perception is lost to you.
3787. Pincer Claws,2.4
#You possess large pincer-like claws similar to those of crabs, lobsters or scorpions, capable of crushing with terrifying force. Fine manipulation is basically impossible with them though, so hope you have another set of hands for buttons and zippers.
3788. Pinnacle Body,6.5
#Your body is at its absolute apex, every muscle fiber, bone, organ and cell perfected to the utmost limit of your natural potential. You possess idealized strength, speed, beauty, endurance and reflexes, your body responding perfectly to your every desire. Still outmatched by truly absolute physiologies but peerless among natural forms.
3789. Pinnacle Condition,7.0
#Your physical, spiritual and mental condition is at its absolute peak, every essential attribute of your being perfected beyond any natural limit. Body, soul and mind respond instantly and flawlessly to your will, placing you above any other natural form. Still measurable and thus outmatched by true Absolute Condition.
3790. Pinnacle Mind,6.6
#Your mind is at its absolute apex, your intellect, memory, creativity, willpower and emotional control all perfected to their ultimate form. You can process immense amounts of information, hold perfect recall and shrug off most mental attacks with ease. Still bound by your natural potential but unrivalled among mortal minds.
3791. Pinnipediaoid Physiology,2.5
#You are a pinnipediaoid, a humanoid seal-folk or walrus-folk hybrid. You possess the aquatic prowess and blubber of a pinniped combined with a humanoid frame and dexterity, thriving in both sea and coast.
3792. Plains Adaptation,3.0
#You are perfectly adapted to life on wide open plains, be they tundra, savannah, prairie or steppe. You have sharp senses, exceptional vision, powerful endurance and a natural tolerance for harsh weather, wildfires and the lack of cover.
3793. Planar Dragon Physiology,6.6
#You are or can transform into a planar dragon, a draconic being hailing from one or more planes of existence. In addition to standard dragon traits, you gain a suite of plane-specific abilities drawn from your home plane, placing you well above ordinary dragonkind. You may struggle to survive too long outside your home plane.
3794. Planar Entity Physiology,5.2
#You either are or can mimic the traits of a planar entity, a being native to one of the various planes of existence. Your abilities and characteristics depend on which plane you hail from, ranging from elemental to spiritual to purely conceptual.
3795. Plane Physiology,8.6
#You are a plane of existence itself, possessing total authority over your own dimensions, borders, entrances and exits. You can spawn life from yourself as emissaries, reshape your interior at will, and only cease to exist if your entire realm is destroyed. You are, in the most literal sense, a living universe.
3796. Planet Mimicry,7.0
#You are made of or can transform your body into an entire planet, retaining your form or becoming a homogeneous mass of planetary matter. You can manipulate the elements and lifeforms within you, control your gravity field, and move through space under your own power. Your core, however, remains vulnerable to sufficiently powerful energy attacks.
3797. Planet Monster Physiology,7.3
#You are or can become a planet monster, a living world-sized monstrosity with access to a suite of planet-based supernatural abilities. You are as much a celestial body as a creature, and equally hard to kill.
3798. Planetary Adaptation,3.8
#Your body automatically adapts to the atmosphere, gravity, temperature, composition, and rotational speed of any planet you find yourself on. You can walk Venus or Jupiter as comfortably as Earth.
3799. Planetary Embodiment,8.6
#You are the planet, and the planet is you. Every tectonic plate, every ocean current, every creature walking on its surface is an extension of your being, and you have limitless control over all of it. Harming the planet harms you, but harming you is nearly impossible when your body is a world.
3800. Planetary Immunity,5.0
#You are completely immune to planetary energy and planets themselves. Being buried alive, crushed by tectonic forces, or pelted by a world-shattering blast means nothing to you, although extreme levels may still leak through.
3801. Planetary Independence,4.5
#You don't need a planet to survive. The vacuum of space, the surface of a star, a bare asteroid - all of them are as comfortable to you as Earth. You may still need to eat, sleep and drink though.
3802. Planetary Symbiosis,6.0
#You share a symbiotic relationship with a planet or planetary body, drawing energy and supernatural abilities from its essence while both of you share in each other's fate. A sentient world may try to take over your mind, and harming the planet harms you, but the power on offer is world-tier.
3803. Planimal Physiology,4.3
#You are a planimal, a hybrid creature combining the traits of plants and animals, with all the strengths of both kingdoms in one body. Your plant side is vulnerable to fire and herbicides and takes painfully long to regrow if damaged, but your animal side keeps you mobile and hunting.
3804. Plankton Physiology,2.1
#You either are or can transform into plankton, ranging from phytoplankton to zooplankton and fungal variants. Useful for scouting water in microscopic form or hiding from anything larger than a copepod, but you'll need to stay moisturized on land and swimming is largely at the mercy of currents.
3805. Plant Arm,2.3
#Your arm is, or can transform into, a plant. You can reshape it into vines, thorns, branches or flowering limbs, granting reach and utility. Still vulnerable to fire, herbicide, and the usual plant weaknesses.
3806. Plant Empowerment,3.8
#You become stronger, faster, and more durable when in contact with plants, and may unlock new plant-related abilities depending on the flora you touch. Some users can even draw sustenance from plants and slow their aging in lush environments.
3807. Plant Kingdom Embodiment,6.6
#You are the living embodiment of the plant kingdom itself, a manifestation of the natural forces of green life. You can feed on plant energy to extend your own lifespan and weaponize it, may never age, and can only be killed under specific conditions. Death-based abilities remain your only true threat.
3808. Plant Monster Physiology,4.2
#You either are or can transform into a plant monster, a hulking botanical horror with a suite of plant-based supernatural powers. Brings raw physical might and terrifying presence, along with the usual vulnerabilities to fire, chemicals, and sharp blades.
3809. Mutated Plant Physiology,5.4
#You are or can transform into a feral, mutated plant being. Your form is twisted and dangerous, granting you warped plant powers and a monstrous physique, but the mutations bleed into your mind, making restraint difficult when transformed.
3810. Superior Plant Physiology,5.6
#You are or can transform into a superplant, a plant several times stronger than any normal specimen. Hybrid forms allow you to retain humanoid traits while gaining thick bark, potent toxins, and enhanced regeneration. Barren environments weaken you considerably.
3811. Transcendent Plant Physiology,7.8
#You are or can become a divine plant, a tree-god of the heavenly realm. Your bark shrugs off mortal weapons, your roots drink from higher planes, and your presence alone causes flora to bloom in reverence. Only transcendent weaponry and divine slayers pose real threats.
3812. Plant Physiology,4.2
#Your body is made of or can transform into plant matter. You gain photosynthesis, regeneration from sunlight and water, and can reshape your limbs into vines or wooden armor. Fire is your bane, and heavy transformations may slow you down.
3813. Plant Power Link,3.6
#Your powers are fueled and amplified by your connection to plant life. The more verdant your surroundings, the stronger and more refined all of your abilities become. In a barren wasteland, you are significantly weaker.
3814. Plant Protrusion,2.1
#You have plant matter perpetually protruding from your body, whether that be flowering vines from your shoulders, moss on your back, or branches from your head. Mostly aesthetic, though you can snap off pieces for minor utility.
3815. Plant Soul,3.0
#Your soul is plant-like in origin. You photosynthesize passively, feel the rhythms of the natural world, and plants react to your emotions. With training, you can slowly transform your body to match your spiritual nature.
3816. Plant Symbiosis,4.5
#You host a living plant symbiote inside your body, granting you photosynthesis, regeneration, and shapeshifting in exchange for giving it a home. A strong-willed symbiote may try to influence your decisions, and its weaknesses become yours.
3817. Plant Trail,2.6
#Wherever you walk, plants sprout in your wake. Grass grows under your footsteps, flowers bloom along your path, and entire forests can trace your journey. Great for aesthetics and navigation, mildly annoying for landlords.
3818. Plasma Empowerment,3.5
#Your body grows stronger, faster, and more durable when exposed to plasma. Standing near a reactor, a star, or a lightning storm unlocks latent abilities and amplifies your existing powers. You can even draw sustenance from plasma sources.
3819. Plasma Movement,3.3
#You can move through plasma unhindered, walking or flying through ionized clouds, stellar atmospheres or the heart of a sun as if you were strolling on land. Does not grant immunity to the heat or radiation of the medium itself, so survival still depends on other protections.
3820. Plasma Quintessence,6.2
#Your body generates plasma infinitely and indeterminately, no longer reliant on external sources. This limitless ionic energy can power your body to superhuman levels, fuel any plasma ability you possess or energize machines and technology, though channeling too much at once can overwhelm your mind and body.
3821. Platypus Physiology,2.6
#Allows you to gain the traits of a platypus, either partially or fully. You gain electroreception through your snout, venomous spurs on your heels, webbed limbs for swimming and a dense waterproof pelt. Surprisingly well-rounded for such a goofy animal.
3822. Pleaidian Physiology,5.4
#You are a Pleiadian, one of the so-called Space Brothers, a benevolent Nordic alien with striking human-like features. You possess advanced spiritual and technological knowledge, minor shapeshifting, telepathic affinity and a naturally calming presence. Mortal but significantly beyond baseline human.
3823. Pleasant Scent,1.4
#Your body naturally produces an incredibly pleasant and irresistible scent that permeates everything about you. Your breath is perpetually fresh, your skin softly perfumed and your hair smells of whatever note best suits your aura. People instinctively feel drawn and at ease around you.
3824. Pleasure Immunity,2.8
#You are completely immune to pleasure-based attacks, inducements and effects. Charm spells, euphoria inducement, ecstasy weapons and similar tactics simply do not register, leaving your mind clear in situations that would leave others helpless and giggling.
3825. Pleiades Physiology,6.3
#You are one of the Pleiades, celestial nymphs and minor goddesses presiding over stars, constellations, rain and the mountains. You wield stellar energies, can call upon storms and rainfall, and possess the divine physiology and longevity of a minor goddess of the night sky.
3826. Plot Anchoring,7.3
#You are a fixed point in the narrative. No plot-altering ability can change your story, your life or your place within it, making you immune to retcons, timeline rewrites and narrative manipulation alike. Author Authority and immunity bypassing are the only things that can still touch you.
3827. Plot Armor,7.0
#You possess plot armor, ensuring you will survive deadly situations and come out on top simply because the story demands it. No matter how overwhelming the enemy or how perfect their plan, you endure because you are one of the main characters. Plot Negation and Author Authority override it.
3828. Pocong Physiology,3.8
#Indonesian Folklore - You are a pocong, a ghost born from a soul trapped in its burial shroud. You hop rather than walk, inspire dread in mortals who see you, and possess standard ghostly intangibility and presence. Usually neutral, but will exist for only forty days unless your body is freed from its bindings.
3829. Poetry Embodiment,5.4
#You are the embodiment of poetry itself. Your words carry rhythm, meter and meaning beyond their surface, able to stir emotions, sway hearts, and evoke concepts simply by speaking verse. In a world that values poetry, your presence alone can inspire movements or break spirits. Useless against those who cannot appreciate poetry.
3830. Poison Consumption,2.6
#Your diet consists of poisonous food and substances, rendering you fully immune to whatever you eat. Over time, constant consumption may cause your own flesh and fluids to become toxic to others. Breakfast of champions.
3831. Poison Embodiment,6.5
#You are the embodiment of poison itself. Corruption and toxicity spread wherever you walk, your body generates entirely new poisons on instinct, and because your venom is conceptual in nature, you can poison things that should be immune to poisons - constructs, undead, even concepts themselves.
3832. Poison Immunity,3.2
#You are immune to all forms of poison, toxin and venom. You could drink cyanide like water, let a king cobra bite your tongue, or eat pufferfish without a license. Esoteric and conceptual poisons may still affect you.
3833. Poison Mimicry,5.0
#Your body is made of poison or can transform into it completely. In your liquid form you are nearly impossible to harm with physical attacks, and every droplet of you is lethal to the touch. Some users struggle to return to their original body once they've tasted the change.
3834. Poison Resistance,2.3
#You are highly resistant to poisons, toxins and venoms. You can survive direct exposure to most toxic substances and walk through poisonous environments without suffering serious effects.
3835. Poison Symbiosis,4.6
#You host a poisonous symbiote within your body, granting you envenomation, chemical manipulation, minor shapeshifting, and a more durable physique. The symbiote wants to keep you alive but may try to take the wheel if you falter.
3836. Poison Touch,3.5
#Your touch is poisonous, passing toxins directly into anything your skin contacts. With training you can control the dosage and type, but unfiltered use may hurt you and anyone you care about just as easily.
3837. Poisonous Biology,4.0
#Your entire biology is imbued with venomous properties, making you lethal to the touch and immune to your own poisons. Your blood, breath and flesh are all weapons, and you can unleash them at will.
3838. Poisonous Blood,3.2
#Your blood is saturated with potent poisons that harm anyone who touches or inhales it. Useful as a final trump card in close combat, but any cut you suffer becomes a hazard to your allies as well.
3839. Poisonous Bodily Fluids,3.4
#All of your bodily fluids, from blood and saliva to sweat, mucus and urine, carry poisonous properties. Useful for creative improvisation in desperate situations, though maintaining the toxicity may require a specific diet.
3840. Poisonous Mucus,2.0
#Your mucus is poisonous. Sneeze on your enemies, I guess.
3841. Poisonous Saliva,2.3
#Your saliva is poisonous, turning every bite and spit into a potential attack. Limited by how much you can produce at a time, but a surprisingly effective trump card in a clinch.
3842. Poisonous Tears,2.3
#Your tears are poisonous, dripping with toxins that burn anyone they touch. Useful if you can cry on command, useless if you cannot.
3843. Polar Bear Physiology,3.4
#You are, or can transform into, a polar bear. Your massive frame grants you incredible strength, durability and resistance to cold, and you are just as comfortable swimming through arctic waters as you are tearing apart a seal on the ice.
3844. Polearm Mimicry,3.3
#You can transform your body, partially or fully, into a polearm or a mass of polearms. Depending on the material you are made of, your durability and abilities vary, and some may find returning to flesh requires practice.
3845. Police Car Mimicry,2.1
#You can transform your body partially or fully into a police car or mass of police cars. Sirens, lights and all. Still needs fuel to move, and getting pulled over by yourself is a genuine risk.
3846. Political Embodiment,6.2
#You are the living embodiment of a political ideology, your very existence shaping the way power is allocated and societies are ordered around you. The more followers and believers your ideology has, the stronger you become, but the more enemies it has, the more people there are to oppose you.
3847. Pollo Maligno Physiology,4.5
#Colombian Folklore - You are a Pollo Maligno, an evil chicken-spirit that haunts lonely roads. You can mimic voices to distract and madden travelers, attack with razor beak and claw, and you particularly despise card players, jokers and drinkers. Vulnerable to divine prayers, especially those invoking Saint Miguel.
3848. Pollution Embodiment,7.3
#You are the embodiment of Pollution itself, the walking personification of smog, sludge, crude oil and every toxic byproduct of industry. Your control over all forms of pollution is near-limitless, and your mere presence slowly contaminates everything around you.
3849. Pollution Empowerment,3.8
#You grow stronger, faster and more durable in the presence of pollution, drawing power from smog, sludge, and contamination of every kind. In a pristine forest you are merely human, but in a choking industrial district you are a monster.
3850. Pollution Mimicry,3.9
#Your body is made of or can transform into pollution, letting you become living sludge, smog or crude oil at will. Returning to your original form takes practice, and some users find themselves stuck as walking contamination forever.
3851. Poltergeist Physiology,4.4
#You are or can become a poltergeist, an invisible noisy spirit that haunts people rather than places. You can throw objects with unseen hands, rap on walls, whisper in voices, and deliver petty physical attacks. Ignoring you only makes you angrier and more violent.
3852. Popcorn Mimicry,1.0
#Your body is made of popcorn, or you can transform into popcorn at will. You are fluffy, crunchy, and entirely edible. Try not to get eaten.
3853. Popobawa Physiology,3.3
#You are or can transform into a Popobawa, a one-eyed bat-winged shapeshifting spirit from Swahili folklore. You gain enhanced physical abilities, poltergeist-like powers and the ability to shift between bat, human and hybrid forms. Warning: the form comes with strong antisocial and predatory urges that you will need to actively resist.
3854. Pork Mimicry,1.0
#Your body is made of pork, or you can transform into pork at will. With focus you can even become a finished pork dish. Edible, delicious, and probably ill-advised to use near hungry predators.
3855. Portal Empowerment,4.8
#You draw strength, speed, durability and sustenance from portals, possibly slowing or halting your aging when in proximity to one. Nearby gateways enhance your other abilities, but in a portal-dead zone you will be noticeably weaker.
3856. Portal Mimicry,5.2
#Your body is a living portal to another place, time or dimension. You can teleport to that destination, draw people into yourself, or expel objects and environmental effects of the other side through your form. Portal Negation can harm you directly.
3857. Portuguese Legend Physiology,4.6
#You are or can transform into a figure from Portuguese folklore, ranging from restless ghosts and divinely-rewarded heroes to titans like Adamastor. The exact power depends on which legend you embody, but all are wrapped in the fears and triumphs of seafaring myth. None of these beings are omnipotent.
3858. Positional Adaptation,3.3
#Your body adapts instantly to any position you end up in. Balance, flexibility, dexterity, no position is uncomfortable or awkward for you and you can move freely even in contorted or painful stances. You can fight, run, and function just as well hanging upside down as standing upright.
3859. Positive Embodiment,6.5
#You are the living embodiment of positivity. You channel every positive aspect of the world through yourself, manipulate positive emotions in others, and can even produce life from pure joy. However, if you give in to sad or negative thoughts, your power diminishes sharply until you find your smile again.
3860. Positive Emotion Empowerment,4.0
#You grow stronger, faster and more durable when surrounded by or feeling positive emotions such as love, hope, joy and generosity. Strong enough positivity can slow or halt your aging and unlock latent abilities. Negative emotions drain you and may leave you weaker than a regular person.
3861. Positivity Empowerment,4.7
#You grow stronger, faster and more durable from any form of positivity, including emotions, concepts, ideas, dreams and positive powers from oneself or others. Sufficient exposure can unlock new abilities and even halt your aging. The more positivity in the air, the stronger you become.
3862. Possession Immunity,3.8
#You are immune to possession, whether demonic, angelic, telepathic or spiritual. No entity, no matter how powerful, can enter your body and take control. May only cover certain types of possession depending on the source of your immunity, and as a tradeoff you cannot enter symbiotic bonds either.
3863. Possum Physiology,1.4
#You are or can transform into a possum, with all the traits that come with it. Playing dead has never been more convincing, and you get a prehensile tail out of the deal.
3864. Posterior Mimicry,0.3
#You are, or can become, a living butt. You possess all the traits of a rear end. Vulnerable to Rear Manipulation, for what that's worth.
3865. Potential Energy Empowerment,3.3
#Contact with potential energy makes you stronger, faster and tougher, unlocking related abilities and amplifying existing ones. At higher levels you can feed on it as sustenance and even slow your aging.
3866. Absolute Potential,9.3
#You have absolute potential, a limitless capacity for growth and learning. There is nothing you cannot master, no power you cannot develop naturally, no skill beyond your reach. Given enough time, there is no feat, no ability, no state of being you cannot achieve. Your only limits are those you impose on yourself.
3867. Enhanced Potential,3.6
#Your capacity for growth and learning is noticeably above the norm of your species. You pick up skills faster, push past plateaus others can't, and develop abilities that would be impossible for a regular person. You still need to actually put in the work though.
3868. Supernatural Potential,5.7
#Your innate potential transcends the natural limits of your species, allowing you to develop physically, mentally, spiritually and existentially in ways that should be impossible. You can learn skills, techniques and powers that your kind was never meant to wield, assimilating the impossible through sheer capacity for growth.
3869. Peak Potential,2.7
#Your potential is pushed to the highest limits of human perfection. You learn faster, train more efficiently and develop more easily than almost anyone, but you are still bound within the human ceiling. Capable of matching any peak human if you put the work in.
3870. Potion Empowerment,3.0
#You grow stronger, faster and tougher when in contact with potions, drawing power directly from magical concoctions. Prolonged exposure may even slow your aging or sustain you without food, turning the alchemist's shelf into your personal gym.
3871. Potion Immunity,2.6
#You are immune to the effects of all magical potions, elixirs and enchanted beverages. Unfortunately, this includes beneficial potions, so no more healing draughts or buff brews for you either.
3872. Poultry Mimicry,2.0
#Your body is made of or can transform completely into poultry; chicken, turkey, goose, your choice. With focus you can even become specific poultry dishes like roast turkey or fried chicken. You may become edible and attract hungry predators.
3873. Power Abdomen,2.1
#Your abdomen is abnormally strong, physically unique, or weaponized in some way, whether through claws, blades, projectiles or armor plating. Lets you fight with your gut in ways most people really can't.
3874. Power Absorption Immunity,4.5
#Your powers cannot be absorbed, drained or stolen by any means. Your abilities are singular to you and no power thief, energy drainer, or absorption mimic can pull them from you. Your life force is still fair game though, so be careful with vampires.
3875. Power Acquirement,6.2
#You can gain supernatural powers through your own efforts, developing any ability through sufficient practice and training. The more you work at it, the more powers you add to your arsenal, and existing powers grow stronger and deeper the longer you cultivate them. Given enough time, there is no real ceiling on what you can collect.
3876. Power Arms,2.8
#Your arms and upper body are abnormally strong or weaponized in some way, whether that be claws, blades, armor plating, or built-in projectile weaponry. Great for close combat but excessive use can strain your arms badly.
3877. Power Body,2.9
#Your entire body is a weapon, possessing great strength and speed that lets you deliver body slams and tackles capable of knocking people out and breaking through structures. Repeated use without proper physical conditioning may fracture your own bones.
3878. Power Bond,4.7
#You possess a profound connection between yourself and your powers that goes beyond mere control. This bond lets you synchronize with your abilities on an instinctive level, drawing far more out of them than their original scope would allow, whether they originate from an object, innate talent, or supernatural source.
3879. Power Catalyst,4.5
#You possess a finely tuned internal catalyst that unlocks and cultivates powers from within. Rather than being given abilities directly, your catalyst develops unique powers in response to external stimuli and training. Loss of the catalyst may remove your powers entirely.
3880. Power Cord Protrusion,2.1
#You have power cords that protrude from your body and can be plugged into any electrical outlet or suitable source to draw energy. Handy if you happen to run on electricity, deeply awkward if you do not.
3881. Power Elbow,1.6
#Your elbows are abnormally strong, sharp, or otherwise weaponized, making them remarkably effective in close combat. Niche, but unforgettable when landed.
3882. Power Embodiment,9.3
#You are the embodiment of power itself, an incarnation of might and force, a living example of exerting might unquestionably beyond others. You have free access to nearly all superpowers and can manipulate the superpowers of others with almost no limit, drawing out force far beyond mortal comprehension.
3883. Power Empowerment,5.8
#You become more powerful from the mere presence of others with powers, growing stronger, faster, and more durable the more of them are nearby. At high levels you may draw sustenance from their abilities and even slow or halt your own ageing. Being surrounded by too many powered individuals at once may overload you.
3884. Power Finger,1.4
#Your fingers are abnormally strong, sharp or weaponized in some way, giving you a surprising edge in any situation where poking, flicking, or jabbing is the answer. Extremely niche.
3885. Power Ignoring,7.6
#Any and all powers simply ignore you, treating you as if you weren't there. You avoid damage not by defending against attacks but by not existing as a valid target in the first place, whether the attack comes from psionics, magic, or anything else. Indirect effects and area fields may still bypass this.
3886. Power Legs,2.8
#Your legs and lower body are abnormally strong or weaponized, whether with claws, blades, armor or built-in projectile weaponry. Anyone who underestimates your kicks is in for a bad time, though excessive use may strain your legs badly.
3887. Power Level Infinitum,8.5
#Your power level increases over time, forever, with no ceiling whatsoever. Given enough time, you can eventually perform any feat imaginable as your abilities creep toward true limitlessness. Conditional triggers may govern how fast you grow, and Infinity Negation is one of the few things that can meaningfully counter you.
3888. Power Mimicry Immunity,5.2
#Your powers cannot be copied, mimicked, or replicated by any conventional means. Anyone who tries to scan, learn, or duplicate your abilities will simply fail, their power slipping off yours like water off glass. Absorption-type abilities and almighty replication can still bypass this.
3889. Power Napping,2.2
#Your sleep is hyper-efficient, a few minutes of rest giving you the same recovery as a full night's sleep for a regular person. You can even micro-nap while standing, walking or doing repetitive tasks. Your body's natural healing is also amplified while you rest.
3890. Power Nexus,7.8
#You are a nexus, a focal point through which all supernatural powers across the omniverse converge. Dormant by default, the nexus within you slowly awakens over time, granting you access to a vast and ever-growing collection of powers drawn from across existence. The downside is that your existence can unknowingly act as a beacon, drawing the attention of horrors from beyond.
3891. Power Omnipresence,8.6
#You exist simultaneously everywhere a particular power is used, manifests, or resides. Whatever domain you choose, be it fire, telepathy, or even the concept of power itself, you are present wherever that power exists across all of reality. Only true omnipresential attacks can reach you.
3892. Power Omniscience,8.8
#You know everything about every power that has ever existed, currently exists, or will ever exist. Every technique, every limitation, every user, every method of acquisition, all laid bare before your mind. Knowing how a power works, however, is not the same as being strong enough to actually wield it.
3893. Power Palm,2.6
#Your palms are supernaturally strong and serve as release points for whatever power you channel through them. Palm strikes hit harder, energy-based abilities flow cleaner through your hands, and techniques that require palm contact are far more effective. Useless if you lose the use of your hands.
3894. Power Regeneration,5.4
#Your powers regenerate from any damage done to them. Whether diluted, devolved, negated, erased or simply burned out from overuse, they will always return to optimal condition in time. Complete destruction of a power, however, may be beyond what this regeneration can fix.
3895. Power Regulation,3.1
#You have perfect fine control over your powers, allowing you to regulate their output with surgical precision. A super-strong user could cradle a baby without crushing it, a pyrokinetic could light a candle without burning the wick. Essentially removes the risk of hurting yourself or others by accident.
3896. Power Residuum,5.5
#Every power you have ever possessed leaves a residual imprint in your body, mind and soul, even after the power itself is removed, sealed or stolen. These residues act as limited internal reserves, letting you still use faint echoes of lost abilities. You will never be as strong as you once were, but you are never truly powerless either.
3897. Power Retention,4.9
#Your powers remain yours no matter where you go or what reality you step into. Dimensions with altered physics, worlds with different probability laws, realms where magic does not exist — none of it affects your abilities. Superpower manipulators who directly target your powers, however, can still mess with you.
3898. Power Source,3.2
#You possess a singular power source nestled within your being, the bedrock from which all of your extraordinary abilities flow. It may be an ethereal element, an otherworldly substance, or a conduit to something external. Destroying or stealing the source renders you powerless.
3899. Power Symbiosis,6.6
#You share a symbiotic bond with a being of pure supernatural force, gaining control over extraordinary faculties related to raw power. The entity grants you immense abilities, but it may also try to take over your mind or body, and the power it wields can be dangerous even to you.
3900. Power Tail,2.6
#You possess a tail that is either abnormally strong, physically unique, or weaponized in some way to increase your combat performance. It might be tipped with a blade, covered in spines, or simply strong enough to crush stone. Excessive use can strain the tail.
3901. Power Tentacles,3.3
#You possess tentacles that are abnormally strong or weaponized with claws, blades, projectile weaponry or protective armor. These limbs act as an extension of your body in combat, granting you reach, grip and raw force that normal appendages cannot match.
3902. Power Via Blood,4.3
#Your blood possesses mystical, cosmic or otherwise special properties that grant you powers based on its nature. Flammable blood gives pyrokinesis, acidic blood gives acid manipulation, healing blood grants regeneration, and so on. The nature of your powers is determined entirely by what flows through your veins.
3903. Power-Bolstering DNA,5.2
#Your DNA possesses the ability to embolden the natural powers of others, making empowered individuals significantly stronger than they were before. Overextending your genetic signature risks overloading hosts or painfully burning out your own DNA, and you may not be able to augment your own abilities.
3904. Power-Boosting Blood,5.0
#Your blood possesses the ability to enhance the powers of others, typically requiring a transfusion to take effect. Subjects become dramatically stronger, but over-dosage can result in delirium, power overload, or in rare cases death. Whether you can enhance yourself depends on your physiology.
3905. Power-Erasing DNA,5.8
#Your DNA possesses the ability to strip the powers from others, normalizing the empowered back into ordinary beings. Excessive use destabilizes your own physiology and can cause severe physical debilitation, and you may accidentally negate your own erasure ability in the process.
3906. Power-Granting Blood,5.3
#Your blood possesses the ability to bestow superpowers upon those who have none. Some recipients gain abilities similar to your own, while others develop entirely different ones. By rationality it must require a blood transfusion, and whether you can grant yourself new powers is uncertain.
3907. Power-Granting DNA,5.4
#Your DNA possesses the ability to bestow superpowers upon those who have none, with some recipients gaining abilities similar to yours while others develop entirely new ones. In skilled hands, your DNA can be extracted and refined into serums specifically designed for power bestowal.
3909. Prayer Empowerment,4.6
#You grow stronger, faster and more durable from the prayers of others, and devoted worship may even unlock new abilities or slow your aging. A single zealot could fuel modest enhancements, but a city of believers could turn you into something approaching a deity. Lose your congregation and you lose your edge.
3910. Precise Activity,4.5
#You can move, act, and perform any manual task with perfect precision, no matter how fast you or your target is moving or how small the object is. Hasty, sudden motions come off as if they were gradual and careful. Mistakes are practically impossible for you.
3911. Enhanced Precision,3.3
#The area of your brain dedicated to precision is drastically improved, allowing you to slice, cut, and stab flawlessly at close range. Unlike Enhanced Accuracy which handles ranged weapons, this is pure melee precision, hitting the exact spot on a target at the most opportune moment. Still limited to the natural realm.
3912. Supernatural Precision,5.7
#Your precision is pushed far beyond the natural level, allowing you to slice, cut and stab targets that are moving faster than light with 100% lethality. You never lose concentration or track of your target, always hitting exactly the vital points you aim for. Beings with absolute agility may still be out of your reach.
3913. Precision,2.2
#Your brain is hardwired for precision beyond that of the best surgeon, letting you slice, cut, and stab with exceptional accuracy. With a blade in hand, you can find every vital point on an opponent. Peak human, but no more than that.
3914. Precognitive Immunity,5.2
#You are completely immune to all forms of precognition, meaning no precog's vision can ever include you. Any attempt to see your future results in you appearing as if you have no future at all, making you a blank spot in fate itself. Retrocognition and purely instinctual precognition can still catch you.
3915. Predator Instinct,4.8
#You possess the honed instincts of an apex predator, allowing you to instinctively read every factor of a situation and exploit them without consciously planning. You anticipate your target's next move, where they are going, and how to corner them, letting them play right into your hands without ever realizing they were being hunted.
3916. Preemptive Adaptation,6.2
#Your body develops countermeasures to threats before they land. Moments before a bullet finds you, your skin hardens; moments before a telepath probes your mind, a psychic shield forms. The adaptations are temporary and only trigger against imminent or highly probable danger, but within that window you are almost impossible to catch off guard.
3917. Prehensile Abdomen,2.2
#Your abdomen moves and grips like an extra limb, stretching, twisting and snapping out in whipping strikes. You can lift objects with your gut, entangle enemies with your belly or pitch a ball across the room without lifting a finger.
3918. Prehensile Antenna,2.3
#Your antennae move with the dexterity of extra limbs, grasping, lifting and lashing out with whipping strikes. Great for fine manipulation and unexpected attacks, but antennae are fragile and easily damaged in a real fight.
3919. Prehensile Arm Parts,2.4
#The individual parts of your arms, forearms, biceps, elbows, can move and articulate independently as though each were its own limb. You can grasp with your forearm, strike with a detached-feeling elbow or hold several objects along a single arm at once.
3920. Prehensile Body Fat,2.6
#Your body fat moves with independent purpose, stretching out into pseudo-limbs that can grasp, lift and lash. The more adipose tissue you carry the more you have to work with, turning what most people consider dead weight into a versatile arsenal of wobbling whips and cushioned grips.
3921. Prehensile Bones,3.6
#Your bones can move, stretch and articulate independently of your muscles, pushing out of your body as gripping tools or lashing weapons. You can grab with a rib, strike with an extended femur or reshape your skeleton into whatever configuration the moment demands.
3922. Prehensile Brain,3.0
#Your brain and associated neural anatomy can move independently outside your skull, grasping, lifting and striking like a soft pink limb. Horrifying, incredibly situational, and extremely dangerous to you since your brain is the most fragile organ you own.
3923. Prehensile Cardiovascular System,3.2
#Your veins, arteries and the vessels of your circulatory system can extrude from your body and move as independent limbs, grasping and lashing with whipping strikes. Effective and grotesque, but your vessels remain fragile and losing too much blood flow will put you down fast.
3924. Prehensile Cells,3.4
#Your individual cells can act with independent purpose, peeling away from your body to manipulate objects, strike at enemies or reform into limb-like shapes. Extensive use wears out your biology and pushing the ability too far can lead to genuine cellular deterioration.
3925. Prehensile Chest,2.2
#Your pecs and breasts can move independently like flexible limbs, grasping, squeezing and lashing out. Limited in what shapes of object they can actually hold, but catches nearly everyone off guard the first time you use it.
3926. Prehensile Connective Tissues,2.9
#The tendons, ligaments and fascia that hold your body together can move and stretch with independent purpose, forming gripping constructs and lashing whips beneath or through your skin. A quietly versatile ability that turns your entire body into a network of waiting limbs.
3927. Prehensile Ears,2.0
#Your ears can move, stretch and articulate independently, grasping objects and lashing out with whipping strikes. Unusual, a little unsettling, and surprisingly handy when all your other limbs are occupied.
3928. Prehensile Eye-Stalk,2.5
#Your eyes extend on flexible stalks of optic nerve, moving independently to grasp, lift and lash at objects. You can see from wild angles and strike from unexpected ones, but exposed nerves are excruciatingly sensitive and the stalks only stretch as far as the optic tissue allows.
3929. Prehensile Face,2.3
#Your face itself moves with independent purpose, stretching and articulating like a limb made of features. You can grasp with your cheek, strike with your forehead or reshape your face entirely to hold and manipulate objects. Deeply uncanny to witness.
3930. Prehensile Feathers,2.4
#Your feathers move and articulate independently, grasping small objects and lashing out with whipping strikes. Extremely delicate work is possible but damaged or lost feathers shut the ability down until they grow back.
3931. Prehensile Feet,2.1
#Your feet function with the full dexterity of hands, capable of grasping, writing, fighting and fine manipulation. Your soles lack the usual arches and heels in exchange, making them rather more sensitive underfoot.
3932. Prehensile Fingers,2.4
#Your fingers can stretch, articulate and move with unusual independence, each one grasping, lifting or lashing out like a miniature limb of its own. Excellent for fine manipulation and unpredictable strikes, though fingers remain as fragile as they ever were.
3933. Prehensile Fins,2.2
#Your fins or flippers move with independent articulation, grasping and lashing with whipping strikes. Not as fully dextrous as real hands, but a distinct upgrade for any aquatic body plan.
3934. Prehensile Genetics,3.3
#Your very genes can move with independent purpose, extruding as strands that grasp and lash like microscopic limbs. Conceptually bizarre but startlingly effective, letting you manipulate objects and reshape your body at the level of the code itself.
3935. Prehensile Hair,3.0
#Your hair moves and articulates like a living mass of limbs, grasping, lifting and whipping out at opponents. Grow it long enough and you effectively have dozens of extra arms, though fire, ice and a decisive haircut can all end the fun fast.
3936. Prehensile Head,2.3
#Your head moves with independent purpose, stretching on a flexible neck or detaching its articulation entirely to grasp and strike at objects. Headbutts become precision weapons and you can hold things with your skull when your hands are full.
3937. Prehensile Heart,2.8
#You can extrude your heart from your body and manipulate it directly, sending it out to attack, defend or grab things. You still need it to, you know, pump blood, so be very careful about how far and how long you send it out.
3938. Prehensile Hooves,2.0
#Your hooves can articulate and grasp like flexible limbs, lifting and lashing out with surprising dexterity. Not as capable as actual hands, but a massive upgrade for anything with a hoofed body plan.
3939. Prehensile Horns,2.6
#Your horns move and articulate independently, grasping objects and lashing out with whipping strikes. Powerful in their own right, but horns are an extension of your body and breaking one is deeply, painfully debilitating.
3940. Prehensile Legs,2.4
#Your legs articulate and manipulate objects with the full dexterity of a second pair of arms, capable of grasping, striking and fine movement. You can hold, fight and walk all at once, though smaller objects remain awkward.
3941. Prehensile Mouth,2.5
#Your lips, jaw and mouth, or beak, mandibles or maw, move with independent flexibility, grasping, lifting and lashing out at targets. A second limb lives in your face and it bites back.
3942. Prehensile Muscles,3.1
#Your muscles can move, stretch and articulate with independent purpose, pushing out of your body or reshaping beneath the skin to form gripping constructs and lashing strikes. Effectively turns any muscle group into an additional limb on demand.
3943. Prehensile Nails,2.3
#Your nails, spurs or claws move and articulate independently, grasping fine objects and lashing out in precise whipping strikes. Delicate enough to pick locks with, fragile enough to crack in a real fight.
3944. Prehensile Neck,2.3
#Your neck stretches and articulates like a flexible limb, wrapping around objects to grasp them and snapping out in whipping strikes. Not quite as dextrous as an arm, but it puts your head anywhere you want it.
3945. Prehensile Nervous System,3.2
#Your nerves can extrude from your body and move as independent limbs, grasping and lashing with terrifying delicacy. Externalized nerves magnify every sensation including pain, and any severed strand may never reintegrate properly.
3946. Prehensile Nose,2.0
#Your nose stretches and articulates independently, grasping small objects and lashing out with whipping strikes. Pinocchio on purpose, and unexpectedly useful when your hands are full.
3947. Prehensile Organs,2.9
#Your internal organs can move independently, extruding from your body to grasp, lift and lash out at targets. A horror show in motion and a versatile one, though your organs remain as fragile outside the body as they are inside.
3948. Prehensile Rear,2.1
#Your buttocks move with independent flexibility, grasping, squeezing and lashing out with whipping strikes. Absurd, effective, and guaranteed to win any bar bet you care to make about it.
3949. Prehensile Reproductive System,2.5
#(Nsfw) Your reproductive anatomy, natural or artificial, moves with independent purpose, grasping and lashing out like an extra limb. Includes ovipositors, oviducts and anything else that fits the category. A deeply unconventional tool with deeply unconventional applications.
3950. Prehensile Skin,2.6
#Your skin can stretch and move on its own, grasping and manipulating objects like a clumsy extra limb. Useful for grabbing things just out of reach or whipping people with a slap that actually hurts. Only the skin stretches, not what's underneath.
3951. Prehensile Stinger,2.9
#You have a natural stinger that can extend and move independently, grabbing objects or lashing out at foes. Strikes with it carry venom if your physiology allows, and it makes for a nasty surprise in close combat.
3952. Prehensile Tail,2.4
#You have a fully prehensile tail capable of grasping, lifting and manipulating objects with the same ease as a hand. Great for holding a coffee while typing, or whipping someone across the face mid-conversation.
3953. Prehensile Teeth,2.2
#Your teeth can move independently and stretch out of your mouth to grasp and manipulate objects. Unsettling to witness and somewhat fragile, but a surprisingly versatile tool if you can get past the horror of it.
3954. Prehensile Tentacles,3.4
#You possess tentacles that move with independent precision, stretching and grasping like extra limbs. They can lift, throw, entangle and strike, and make for a formidable close-range combat tool.
3955. Prehensile Toes,1.7
#Your toes can stretch, extend and manipulate objects just like fingers. Dexterous piggies with surprisingly good grip, though they remain as fragile as any other digit.
3956. Prehensile Tongue,2.5
#Your tongue can stretch out like a frog's, grasping objects from a distance and whipping out to snag or strike. Vulnerable to fire and acid, and you will taste everything you grab, for better or worse.
3957. Prehensile Torso,2.7
#Your torso can move and flex independently, grasping and manipulating objects with its whole body. Awkward for small objects, but surprisingly effective at bear-hugging, crushing or throwing.
3958. Prehensile Whiskers,1.9
#You grow whiskers that move independently and can grasp small objects with surprising dexterity. Excellent for fine manipulation and sensing your surroundings, though easily damaged if treated roughly.
3959. Prehensile Wings,3.2
#Your wings double as a second pair of arms, able to grasp and manipulate objects as easily as hands. You may have to choose between flying and using them as limbs, but the versatility is worth it.
3960. Prehensility,3.6
#Every part of your body is prehensile. You can hold a weapon with your forearm, a ball with your calf, a basket with your belly, and even grip things with your skin, muscles or bodily fluids. Pulling a trigger may still be awkward.
3961. Prescient Reflexes,6.2
#Your body reacts to future events before your mind even registers them. You dodge, block and counter attacks that haven't been launched yet, and even you don't know how you'll move next, which makes you extremely hard to predict. Precognitive immunity is one of the few counters.
3962. Present Embodiment,8.5
#You are the living embodiment of the present moment. You know everything that is happening right now across all of existence at the exact instant it occurs, and you can exert control over it. The past and future remain beyond your direct reach, but the now is entirely yours.
3963. Pressure Defiance,3.5
#You can ignore pressure and its effects entirely, surviving crushing depths, vacuums and high-gravity environments without discomfort. You are also resistant to pressure-based powers used against you, though you remain vulnerable to other physical forces.
3964. Pressure Empowerment,4.0
#You grow stronger, faster and more durable the more pressure surrounds you. In high-pressure environments you become a monster, and you may even draw sustenance from pressure itself. In a vacuum, however, you are at your weakest.
3965. Pressure Immunity,4.2
#You are immune to being crushed, smashed or flattened, and can survive in the crushing depths of the ocean or the vacuum of space without discomfort. Your internal organs may still be vulnerable to extreme cases, but generally pressure simply does not affect you.
3966. Pressure Power Link,4.2
#Your very nature is pressurized, and your powers are fueled by the force building inside you. The more pressure you hold, the stronger your abilities become, though unstable pressure may cause your powers to spiral out of control.
3967. Pressure Resistance,2.6
#Your body is highly resistant to being crushed, smashed, or flattened. You could survive the depths of the ocean or a compactor with relative ease, though sufficiently extreme force will still hurt you.
3968. Pretzel Mimicry,1.4
#Allows you to transform your body into a pretzel, partially or fully. You can twist, knot and contort yourself into pretzel shapes, but you are vulnerable to being eaten and may struggle to return to normal.
3969. Prevention Immunity,6.6
#Your powers simply cannot be prevented. Nothing that would stop, block, or negate a power before it activates can affect you, your abilities always go through. Beings with immunity bypassing may still counter this.
3970. Prey Instinct,4.5
#You possess the ultimate instincts of prey, making you a master of evasion and survival. You instinctively know how much of a threat a foe is, what they will do next, how to hide without giving yourself away, and how to conserve energy while fleeing. You have no moral hesitation when it comes to escape.
3971. Pricolici Physiology,4.4
#Romanian Mythology - You are a pricolici, a vampiric undead wolf-monster risen from the grave. You possess wolf-like physical prowess and can shift between a human form and an animal form, but holy items and even ordinary weapons like sickles or clubs can still wound you.
3972. Pride Degeneracy,3.2
#(Curse) Your extreme pride has afflicted you with a degenerative curse, slowly mutating your body into something hideous or unnaturally beautiful while you remain convinced of your own perfection. Humility-based purification may reverse it, but left unchecked it leads to demonization.
3973. Pride Empowerment,3.5
#You grow stronger, faster and more durable the prouder you are of yourself and those around you. At extreme levels of pride you may unlock new abilities, slow your aging, or even draw sustenance from hubris alone. Humility weakens you.
3974. Primate Monster Physiology,4.0
#You are or can transform into a monstrous primate, a hulking beast combining the strength of an ape with the terror of a true monster. You possess enhanced physical capabilities and a ferocious presence that makes even seasoned warriors hesitate.
3975. Primate Physiology,2.8
#You either are or can transform into a primate, including lemurs, monkeys and apes. You gain the physical traits of your chosen form, from the agility of a gibbon to the raw power of a gorilla.
3976. Primatefolk Physiology,3.1
#You either are or can transform into a humanoid primate, a towering ape-man or monkey-folk with the features of a simian and the intelligence of a human. You gain enhanced strength, agility and climbing ability.
3977. Primatewere Physiology,3.6
#You are a primatewere, a primate cursed or blessed with the power to take on a human or humanoid-ape form. Unlike a were-ape, your true form is the beast and the human shape is the disguise, granting you the strength of a primal simian and the cunning of a man.
3978. Primordial Embodiment,8.4
#You are not a representative of your concept, you are the concept itself, the living source from which every other embodiment of it descends. Without you, your concept ceases to exist. You command all lesser embodiments of the concept and generate endless emotional energy as raw fuel, though you are only sovereign within the domain of your own idea.
3979. Primordial Empowerment,6.8
#Contact with primordial entities or force makes you stronger, faster, tougher, and can even awaken latent abilities tied to that primeval affinity. Some users draw sustenance directly from the force and slow or halt their aging. The trade-off is that specific primordial forces may involuntarily control you in turn.
3980. Primordial Force Mimicry,7.8
#Your body is made of or can transform entirely into primordial force, the ancient energy that gave rise to some vital aspect of the universe. In this form your power over that aspect is effectively limitless, scaling with how much of the force flows through you. Control over it may still overwhelm any mortal frame attempting to hold it.
3981. Primordial Power Link,6.3
#Your primordial force is directly linked to your powers, feeding them raw primeval energy to amplify them to levels far beyond their normal capacity. The connection can become unstable and go out of control if you lose focus, and users of Absolute Destruction can sever it.
3982. Primordial Symbiosis,7.4
#You host a primordial entity in a symbiotic bond, drawing supernatural power from a primeval aspect that lives within you. The more you let it in, the more power you can channel, but a powerful primordial being may eventually try to take over your body or destroy it from the inside.
3983. Principle Embodiment,9.1
#You are the living archetype, the embodiment of principles themselves - the original basis and foundation for every concept, force and property that exists or could exist. This grants you near-limitless authority over all principles, as changing yourself changes the basis of everything.
3984. Probability Defiance,5.4
#You defy unfavorable probability. No matter how stacked the odds are against you, you succeed as if the challenge were trivial. You cannot grant yourself good luck, but any situation where you are the underdog will bend until you overcome it. Direct force can still hurt you if you're not actively overcoming it.
3985. Probability Power Link,5.4
#Your powers are linked to your probability/stochastic nature, meaning your luck fuels and strengthens every other ability you have. When fortune favors you, your powers reach peak output. When your luck is unstable, your abilities may go haywire or backfire entirely.
3986. Probability Symbiosis,5.6
#You are bonded to a probability-based entity, a living embodiment of luck or possibility that grants you its powers through your symbiosis. You can warp chance in your favor and curse your enemies, but the entity may try to take over your body, and its power may be too much for your mortal form to handle safely.
3987. Proboscideanoid Physiology,3.3
#You are or can transform into a proboscideanoid, an elephant-like humanoid. You gain immense physical strength, thick durable hide, a powerful prehensile trunk, tusks that can gore through most defenses, and the long memory and intelligence elephants are known for.
3988. Procyonid Physiology,2.8
#You are or can transform into a procyonid, such as a raccoon, coati, kinkajou, olingo or cacomistle. You gain sharp claws, nimble dextrous paws, incredible climbing ability, heightened senses, and that particular cunning that lets raccoons open anything with a latch.
3990. Programmable Empowerment,5.2
#You grow stronger, faster, and more durable in the presence of programmable abilities, drawing empowerment from their existence. You may also unlock abilities related to programming and instruction-based powers, and at higher levels you can feed on programmable effects to slow or halt your own aging.
3991. Programmable Matter,6.3
#Your body is made of programmable matter, a substance that rewrites its own shape, density and state on command. You can shift between solid, liquid and gas, reconfigure limbs into tools or weapons, and repair damage by rerunning your base pattern. Vulnerable to matter manipulators and anyone with hacking abilities.
3992. Progression Immunity,6.0
#You are immune to all powers involving growth, evolution, learning and progression. Nothing can forcibly evolve you, teach you, age you, or roll you back. The downside is that this immunity can cut both ways, potentially locking you out of natural growth as well. Users of Eternal Evolution or Meta Learning may bypass it.
3995. Property Immunity,6.4
#You are immune to the effects of any property, from inertia and friction to electrical conductivity, optical properties and everything in between. Whatever property is being thrown at you simply fails to apply. May be limited to certain types of properties and can be bypassed by immunity bypassing or almighty absorption.
3996. Prophetic Protection,6.3
#You are protected by prophecy itself, you are destined to die from a specific circumstance, and until that circumstance arrives nothing in the world can kill you. Get shot, stabbed, thrown off a cliff, dropped into a volcano, it doesn't matter, fate will contrive every possible coincidence to keep you alive until your written ending. Fate Immunity and Destiny Negation can bypass this.
3997. Proportional Physicality,3.6
#Your physical abilities scale in perfect proportion to your body's size, mass and density. Your strength, speed, durability and stamina are always balanced to your frame, meaning any increase in your size translates directly into a matching increase in power. A small you is agile and efficient, a large you is a titan.
3998. Propulsion Trail,2.3
#Wherever you go you leave behind a trail of propulsive energy or matter. Depending on what your trail is made of it could act as a hazard for pursuers, a marker for allies, or simply a very cool visual effect when you walk down the street.
3999. Prosimian Physiology,2.7
#You are or can transform into a prosimian, such as a lemur, loris, ringtail or tarsier. You gain enhanced agility, excellent night vision, a prehensile grip and the distinct ability to unsettle people with your unblinking wide-eyed stare.
4000. Prosthetic Walking,2.1
#You are able to walk and move naturally on any artificial body part, whether it be a prosthetic leg, a cybernetic limb or a full robot body. You may even be able to leverage the mechanical functions of your prosthetics to enhance your movements beyond what flesh could manage.
4001. Protacanthopterygiioid Physiology,3.1
#You are or can transform into a protacanthopterygiioid, a humanoid race with the traits of salmon, trout, pike and other protacanthopterygii fish. You gain enhanced swimming capabilities, heightened senses underwater, and the physical resilience of a fish built to leap upstream against raging currents.
4002. Protected Senses,3.0
#Your senses are immune to any effect that would damage or overwhelm them. Flashbangs, deafening explosions, overwhelming stenches and blinding lights do nothing to you. You still perceive them fully, just without any pain, disorientation or lasting harm.
4003. Protection Empowerment,4.4
#You become stronger, faster and more durable whenever you are actively protecting someone or something, including yourself. The more serious the threat and the more meaningful the thing you protect, the greater the empowerment. With deep affinity you may even slow or stop your own aging as long as there is something worth guarding.
4004. Protective Instinct,5.0
#You possess an innate aptitude for protecting yourself and others that bypasses conscious thought. Your body moves before your mind can process the threat, adapting perfectly to the situation with techniques you didn't even know you possessed. The instinct grows stronger with emotional attachment to those you protect, though it may leave you open to severe personal risk when shielding others.
4005. Protogenoi Physiology,8.9
#Greek Mythology - You are one of the Protogenoi, the primordials who formed the very fabric of reality before the gods. You are inseparable from your chosen element, whether that be sky, earth, sea, night or the void itself, and your mere existence shapes the cosmos around you. Older than Olympus and beyond the reach of almost any lesser being.
4006. Psammokinetic Immunity,1.4
#You are completely immune to sand. Sandstorms do not blind you, dunes cannot crush you, and your lungs do not suffer when the desert winds blow. Supernatural sand from divine or demonic sources may still affect you.
4007. Psionic Derivation,9.3
#You are the source of all psionic energy in your reality, the conductor through which every psychic power in the cosmos flows. Every telepath, telekinetic and empath draws from you whether they know it or not, and you can freely bestow, augment or revoke their abilities at will. You are the most powerful psionic being in existence by definition.
4008. Psionic Embodiment,9.0
#You embody the mind itself and everything connected to it. You hold supreme dominion over psionics in every conceivable and inconceivable way, possessing every psychic ability at a limitless scale and becoming the most powerful psychic being in your universe by simple fact of existence. Thought, will and consciousness all bow to you as their personification.
4009. Psionic Empowerment,4.2
#You grow stronger, faster, and more durable the more psychic energy surrounds you, whether your own or from others nearby. In a room full of telepaths you become a monster; in a psychic dead zone, just a regular person. Can even slow your aging with enough ambient psionics.
4010. Psionic Power Link,4.5
#Your psionic energy is hardwired into your other powers, fueling and amplifying them through a single connected reserve. It lets you push your abilities to levels they couldn't reach alone, but unstable psionics can send all of your linked powers spiraling out of control at once.
4011. Psionic-Extraterrestrial Physiology,6.3
#You are or can become an alien being whose entire biology is built around psionics, giving you vast psychic potential as naturally as breathing. Because psychic power is baked into your evolution rather than learned, your growth ceiling is effectively limitless and your abilities feel like instinct rather than effort.
4012. Psionics Superior,3.6
#You possess a raw psychic power level notably beyond what a normal member of your species can wield. You don't necessarily know more techniques than other psychics, but whatever psionic abilities you do have run on a bigger engine, hitting harder and lasting longer.
4013. Psychic Animal Physiology,5.0
#You are or can transform into an animal being with an innate connection to psionics, pairing bestial physical traits with a full suite of psychokinetic abilities. Picture a wolf that moves boulders with its mind or a hawk that strikes prey with telepathic attacks.
4014. Psychic Energy Mimicry,5.7
#Your body is composed of or can transform into psychic energy, either keeping the shape of your normal form or shifting into homogeneous energy without any vital parts. Your cells, bones and muscles are fortified by the psychic energy flowing through them, making you powerful on both the mental and physical planes. Psionic Drain is potentially fatal to you.
4015. Psychic Entity Physiology,6.3
#Your body is formed of psionic force and materialized thought, making you immune to physical attacks and granting you near-limitless psionic powers that can appear god-like to lesser beings. The downside is that you may only be able to exist in an intangible form, forced to interact with the physical world through hosts or indirect means.
4016. Psychic Immunity,6.2
#Your mind is an inviolable fortress; no psychic phenomenon of any nature or origin can touch it. You cannot be read, influenced, controlled, emulated, altered or even detected by telepathic means, forcing allies to rely on mundane or technological communication. Brain and sense manipulation may still bypass this from the outside.
4017. Psychic Intelligence,5.8
#Your intellect runs on psionic fuel, processing information far beyond ordinary perception and pulling knowledge, patterns and insights directly from minds, the universe and unseen forces. You simply 'know' things you shouldn't. Focus may be needed to sustain peak cognition.
4018. Psychic Power,5.7
#You possess an extraordinary wellspring of raw psychic energy, the living force of the mind from which all psionic abilities are derived. This is not a specific power but the fuel behind them, granting you a naturally massive pool of mental energy that expands as you train and unlocks psychic feats over time, ranging from the mundane to the esoteric.
4019. Psychic Vampire Physiology,5.3
#You are a psychic vampire. You feed on the emotional, life, and psionic force of other beings to fuel your strength, speed, senses, endurance, agility, and lifespan. Unlike regular vampires, the energies you absorb can be converted into new psychic powers, and with enough feeding you can transform yourself into pure force. You must feed regularly or wither.
4020. Psychology Empowerment,4.5
#You grow stronger, faster and more durable the more psychological energy surrounds you. Crowded emotional scenes, therapy sessions and mental breakdowns all feed you. Some users even slow their aging by feeding on minds. Starves in empty rooms.
4021. Pterosaur Physiology,3.3
#You are or can transform into a pterosaur. You gain leathery wings, hollow bones and the ability to glide or fly, though your wings are fragile and a full transformation is usually required for proper flight.
4022. Pterosauroid Physiology,3.6
#You are a pterosauroid, a humanoid pterosaur hybrid of the sort that haunts fantasy settings. You retain opposable thumbs and higher cognition while gaining wings, enhanced senses and the aerial capabilities of your reptilian cousins.
4023. Pudding Mimicry,1.8
#You can transform your body fully or partially into pudding, becoming jiggly, soft and delicious. Blades pass through you harmlessly but fire melts you and someone might just eat you. Not all users can revert.
4024. Pufferfish Physiology,2.2
#You have the abilities of a pufferfish, including the capacity to inflate yourself into a spiky ball and produce potent neurotoxins. Some of the toxic effects may be hard to regulate and you may not function well out of water.
4025. Pukwudgie Physiology,4.1
#You are or can transform into a pukwudgie, a 4-to-5-foot creature from Wampanoag folklore. You can appear and disappear at will, wield magic, shoot poison arrows and create fire. A small but genuinely dangerous trickster of the woods, best left alone by anyone with sense.
4026. Pulso-Mechanical Physiology,5.2
#Your body is a robotic construct fused with pulse-based technology, granting you mechanical durability alongside a suite of pulse-generating abilities. You can emit shockwaves, pulse beams, and resonance fields through built-in emitters.
4027. Puma Physiology,3.2
#You are or can transform into a puma, gaining its lean muscle, explosive pouncing ability, silent stalking, and sharp senses. Excellent for ambushes and traversal, though you lack the raw power of larger big cats.
4028. Pumpkin Mimicry,2.8
#Allows you to transform your body partially or fully into a pumpkin, either keeping your anatomy intact in pumpkin form or becoming homogeneous gourd matter. Watch out for anyone with a knife and a carving grin.
4029. Pupa Physiology,1.4
#You are or can transform into a pupa, a chrysalis or cocoon encasing a creature mid-metamorphosis. Tough shell, but you are almost entirely immobile and helpless in this form, so pick your timing carefully.
4030. Pupafolk Physiology,3.1
#You are a pupafolk, a humanoid being with the traits of a chrysalis or cocoon. You possess tough carapace-like skin, resilience against physical trauma, and the unsettling presence of something still mid-transformation.
4031. Pure Heart,3.2
#Your heart is devoid of malice and evil intent, giving you a natural resistance to corruption, mind influence, and dark magics that prey on wickedness. You may however find yourself almost incapable of cruelty even when you really should be.
4032. Pure Soul,3.5
#Your very soul is devoid of evil or darkness. Those of ill intent find it physically painful to touch you or hold you down, and most corruptive forces simply slide off. The downside is that you may be incapable of violent action, and Soul Absorbers find you a tempting target.
4033. Purification Empowerment,4.2
#You grow stronger, faster and tougher in the presence of purification, drawing power from cleansed targets, purifying acts and purifying environments. Without purification around to feed on, you are just regular you.
4034. Purification Immunity,4.5
#You are immune to purification-based powers. Cleansing beams wash off you, purification auras ignore you and purging attacks do nothing. Omni-Purification may still cut through, and the immunity may not last forever.
4035. Purified Power Link,5.8
#Your purified nature is directly linked to your powers, fueling and amplifying them through your cleansed essence. The purer your state of mind, the stronger your abilities become, though an unstable purified nature may cause your powers to run wild.
4036. Purified Symbiosis,6.0
#You host a purified/purifying entity within you - be it spiritual, divine or magical in origin - granting you powers associated with pure energies, supernatural cleansing and decontaminated enhancement. However, the entity may attempt to possess you or, if too powerful, harm or destroy your body.
4037. Purity Embodiment,7.3
#You are the living embodiment of purity itself. You can convert your pure thoughts into raw energy and use them as a source for various abilities drawn from all that is pure. Your mere presence cleanses corruption and your innocence is weaponized into divine potency.
4039. Purpose Embodiment,8.6
#You embody purpose itself. You have absolute control over the purpose of everyone and everything - making a sword's purpose to be broken, making a hero's purpose to fail, making the sun's purpose to freeze. Omnipotent beings and wielders of Absolute Existence may remain outside your influence.
4040. Pushback Resistance,2.3
#You are resistant to being pushed back, knocked over or blown away. Explosions, charging foes and gale-force winds can't move you from your footing easily, though there is still a limit to how much momentum you can absorb.
4041. Putto Physiology,4.8
#You possess the physiology of a Putto, a winged child-like angelic being found in many mythologies. You have divine musical talent, can influence mortals in matters of passion, carry messages for higher powers and embody God's omnipresence in small ways. Subservient to higher deities and vulnerable to divine slayers.
4042. Pyrokinetic Circulatory System,3.8
#Your blood has been replaced with flames that circulate through your body. You are naturally resistant to heat, bleed fire when wounded, and your touch can scorch. However, sufficient cold or water-based attacks can disrupt the circulation itself.
4043. Pyrokinetic Tears,1.9
#Your tears are made of fire, dripping as little embers whenever you cry. Dramatic for a villain monologue but you can burn your own face if you are not careful.
4044. Pyrokinetically Enhanced Durability,3.6
#Your durability is augmented by fire, letting you tank hits that would break a normal body as flames reinforce your skin and bones. Durability negation and invulnerability bypassing still get through.
4045. Pyrokinetically Enhanced Strength,3.6
#Your overall strength is augmented through flames coursing through your muscles, letting you lift and hit far beyond your baseline. Unlike pyrokinetic combat this enhances your raw strength rather than just your attack power.
4046. Pyroscience,5.8
#You know everything about fire, heat, and anything remotely related to it. Every combustion reaction, every flame's history, every burning object's secrets are laid bare to you. You only know things through fire and heat, but within that domain nothing is hidden from you.
4047. Qalupalik Physiology,3.3
#You are or can transform into a Qalupalik, an Inuit sea-demon that lurks beneath icy waters. In this form you have unnatural strength in frigid water, a long-nailed grip, a humming song that lures children closer, and a carrying sack you can drag prey into the deep. Vulnerable to Inuit rites and prayers.
4048. Qarinah Physiology,3.6
#You are or can transform into a qarinah, an Arabic spirit akin to a succubus. Supernaturally beautiful and loyal, you can slip into the dreams of those you desire and share intimacy through sleep, though your adoration can turn obsessive and your grip on your chosen one rarely loosens.
4049. Qilin Physiology,6.5
#You are or can transform into a Qilin, a divine hooved chimera of East Asian myth. Your body wreathes itself in gentle serene flames that burn only the wicked, your hooves never crush grass, and your presence brings rui - prosperity and serenity - to those around you. Your physical abilities are on the level of a divine beast, and the truly evil instinctively fear your approach.
4050. Quantum Capacitor,4.8
#Your body functions as a living capacitor for quantum energy, absorbing and storing it from any source you come into contact with. You can channel the stored energy freely for any purpose, making you a self-sustaining reservoir of quantum power.
4051. Quantum Consciousness,7.4
#Your mind is disseminated across the quantum state of your being, existing at the smallest conceivable scale of matter itself. You can perform operations and fine prehensile motions at the quantum level, effectively bypassing most physical limitations. Your potential as a thinking being is almost boundless, and conventional attempts to attack your mind have nothing to grasp.
4052. Quantum Empowerment,4.3
#Your body grows stronger, faster and more durable in the presence of quantum forces, and prolonged exposure may awaken latent quantum-based abilities in you. Powerful users can even draw sustenance from quantum energy alone and slow or halt their aging entirely.
4053. Quantum Existence,7.8
#Your body and mind have become unentangled from the quantum model of reality, existing as a living superposition no longer bound by the laws keeping space-time linear. You exist slightly outside the existential firmament, which makes you nearly impossible to target or remove, but prolonged use of this state slowly erodes your cognition and identity until you risk dissipating entirely.
4054. Quantum Foam Embodiment,9.3
#You are the living personification of the quantum foam, the smallest level and foundation from which all things in existence originally emerged. Reality boils beneath your skin, and anything you touch can be restructured from the ground up. Only one user per universe.
4055. Quantum Immortality,7.4
#You are the version of yourself, out of every parallel and alternate self across the multiverse, that survives every life-or-death scenario. Through probabilistic necessity, no matter how absurd or impossible the circumstances, there is always a thread where you walk away alive, and you are always that thread. You can still suffer, lose limbs and be left in ruin, but you will not die.
4056. Quantum Intelligence,7.3
#Your mind operates at the level of a quantum supercomputer, with a multidimensional cognition that pulls unlimited information and pre-processed knowledge from your multiversal counterparts. You can perceive probable outcomes, alternate strategies and parallel solutions in real time. Untrained users are overwhelmed by the deluge of data and risk shattering their minds entirely.
4057. Quantum Lock,2.1
#You freeze in place the moment someone is looking at you, appearing as a statue stuck mid-motion. It is an involuntary defense mechanism and can't be turned off, which is a problem if you meet another Quantum Lock user and the two of you just stare at each other forever.
4058. Quantum Luck,7.5
#You are the version of yourself, among every parallel and alternate iteration, that consistently experiences the luckiest possible outcome in every situation. Through sheer improbable happenstance you always catch the break, always find the winning ticket, always stumble onto the right answer. Reality bends itself to hand you the best possible branch of the probability tree.
4059. Quantum Perception,5.3
#Your perception is attuned to quantum mechanics, allowing you to see all of reality as a unified scientific model down to the subatomic level. Magic appears to you as scraps of reality you can read and understand, and any phenomenon within your line of sight is laid bare. Prolonged unchecked use risks detachment from reality and eventual insanity.
4060. Quantum Power Link,5.0
#Your quantum nature is directly linked to your powers, feeding them with quantized energy and amplifying them on multiple levels. Your abilities grow stronger, more efficient and more stable as a result, but if your quantum state becomes unstable your powers can spiral out of control.
4062. Queen Insect Physiology,4.2
#You are or can transform into the queen of an insect species, be it ants, bees, wasps, termites or otherwise. As queen you are the undisputed ruler over your hive, commanding absolute loyalty from your colony and possessing the physical traits and pheromonal authority of a monarch.
4063. Questing Beast Physiology,5.8
#You are the Questing Beast of Arthurian legend, a chimeric creature with the head of a serpent, body of a leopard, haunches of a lion and feet of a hart. You are nigh impossible to catch, your existence draws knights and heroes into futile hunts, and your cry is the sound of thirty baying hounds.
4064. Quetzalcoatl Physiology,7.6
#You are or can transform into Quetzalcoatl, the feathered serpent god of Mesoamerican mythology. You possess divine physical and magical abilities, wind manipulation, creation powers, and the duality of serpent and sky. As a transcendent deity you stand among the greatest gods of the Americas.
4066. Quinotaur Physiology,5.9
#You are or can become a Quinotaur, the legendary five-horned sea bull of Frankish myth, said to have sired the Merovingian line. You possess immense physical power, aquatic mastery and a brutal divine presence tied to Neptune himself, your horns capable of goring through almost anything.
4067. Quintessence Force,7.3
#Your body generates infinite energy from within, no longer dependent on any external source. You can pour this endless output into physical enhancement, fuel any form of technology, or convert it into almost any other type of energy. Channeling too much at once may overwhelm your body and require rest to stabilize.
4068. Qutrub Physiology,4.3
#You are or can transform into a qutrub, a wolfish Arabian jinni known for haunting graveyards and devouring corpses. You gain the physical prowess of a werewolf fused with the supernatural traits of a ghoul-like ifrit, excelling at thievery, stalking and nocturnal predation.
4069. Rabbit Monster Physiology,3.3
#You are or can transform into a monster resembling a rabbit, gaining the twisted and supernatural traits that come with such beasts. Think less cute bunny, more giant-fanged carnivorous horror with unnatural strength and appetite.
4070. Rabbit Physiology,1.6
#You are or can transform into a rabbit, gaining its agility, powerful legs and keen senses. Great for hopping, fleeing, and very little else.
4071. Raccoon Physiology,1.7
#You are or can transform into a raccoon, gaining their dexterous paws, nocturnal senses and legendary ability to get into any trash can, pantry or locked container. Surprisingly clever and remarkably hard to get rid of.
4073. Radiation Embodiment,7.8
#You are the living embodiment of radiation itself, not a user but the concept walking in flesh. You possess limitless control over all forms of radiation and absolute immunity to it. Lead, concrete, iron and water are the old wards that still hold some sway over you.
4074. Radiation Empowerment,3.8
#Your body grows stronger, faster and more durable when exposed to radiation. Standing in a fallout zone feels like a workout and a meal, and heavy exposure may even slow your ageing or unlock latent radiation-based abilities.
4075. Radiation Immunity,3.6
#You are immune to radiation and all of its effects. You can walk through fallout zones, reactor cores and irradiated ruins as if on a stroll through the park, never developing sickness, burns or cancer. You can still feel the blast of a nuke though, only the radiation part is negated.
4076. Radiation Resistance,2.8
#You are extremely resistant to radiation, shrugging off doses that would kill a normal person in minutes. Your internal organs may still be vulnerable to extreme exposure and the truly cosmic levels can still hurt you, but fallout zones and dirty bombs are trivial.
4077. Radiative Quintessence,6.2
#Your body is an infinite wellspring of radiation, generating limitless radioactive energy indefinitely without needing any external source. You can power your own enhancements, any radiation-based technique, or entire cities worth of machines, though your body can only safely channel so much at once before you need rest.
4078. Radio Wave Mimicry,5.4
#Your body is made of or can transform into radio waves. In this form you can travel at the speed of light through open air, phase through most matter, and slip into devices as signal. Skilled users can keep their anatomy intact in wave form, while reckless ones risk dispersing and being unable to reform.
4079. Radioactive Blood,2.8
#Your blood is saturated with radioactive substances. Anything that bites, stabs or drinks you gets a hefty dose of rads, and a well-aimed bleed can contaminate a room. Useless against anything with radiation immunity or absorption.
4080. Radioactive Bodily Fluids,3.1
#Every fluid your body produces, blood, sweat, spit, tears, and everything else, is laced with radiation. You can weaponize a handshake, contaminate food, or leave dangerous traces wherever you linger. Keeping loved ones around becomes a careful exercise in shielding.
4081. Radioactive Presence,4.0
#You radiate a field of lethal radiation simply by existing. Anything near you absorbs a dangerous dose, and prolonged exposure is fatal to the unshielded. Controlling the field is difficult, making you a hazard to friends as much as enemies until you master it.
4082. Radioactive Saliva,2.3
#Your spit is radioactive. A good loogie can contaminate surfaces, sicken a target, or ruin a meal. Licking anyone is essentially a slow poisoning. Does nothing to targets with radiation immunity or absorption.
4083. Radioactive Zombie Physiology,5.6
#You are a radioactive undead, a shambling corpse powered by nuclear energies drawn from fallout, reactor meltdowns, or orphaned sources. You pulse raw radiation into your surroundings, contaminating everything nearby and sometimes inducing cancers, mutations, or acute radiation sickness. Rare variants can even trigger low-yield nuclear detonations on death.
4084. Radiological Capacitor,5.0
#You are a living radioactive battery. You can absorb and store any and all forms of radiation indefinitely, holding onto it until you need it. When drawn upon, the stored rads can be channeled however you see fit, making you a flexible power source for any radiation-based ability or construct.
4085. Radiosynthesis,4.8
#You feed on radiation the way plants feed on sunlight. Any ionizing source, from fallout to background radiation, fuels your metabolism, enhancing your health, stamina and cellular recovery while granting strong resistance to further radiation. Without enough rads around, however, you begin to starve.
4086. Radish Mimicry,0.6
#You are made of or can transform into radishes and turnips. Your produce form retains all your organs but is embarrassingly edible, and there is always a nonzero risk of being snatched up by a passing gardener or rabbit.
4087. Raiju Physiology,5.4
#You are or can transform into a Raiju, the thunder beast of Shinto myth, typically taking the form of a wolf wrapped in lightning. Your body is composed of electricity, letting you travel as a ball of lightning and unleash devastating storms when agitated. During actual thunderstorms your power is greatly amplified and your cry sounds like thunder itself.
4088. Rain Bird Physiology,3.2
#You are or can transform into the Rain Bird of folklore, the avian that first brought rain to the world. In this form you can fly with ease and your presence coaxes rainfall from the sky wherever you go.
4089. Rain Mimicry,4.0
#Your body is made of rain, or you can transform into it at will. In this form you are a cascading shower of droplets that can reform at will, hard to pin down and harder to strike meaningfully. Extreme heat is your weakness, as evaporation can outright kill you.
4090. Rainbow Crow Physiology,4.2
#You are or can transform into the Rainbow Crow of legend, the selfless bird whose feathers once shone in every color before it sacrificed its beauty to bring fire to the world. In this form your voice carries a bewitching song and your feathers shimmer with the full spectrum of light.
4091. Rainbow Mimicry,4.2
#Your body is made of rainbow light, or you can transform into it at will. In this form you are a living prism, shimmering and hard to strike meaningfully, but disruption of light around you can scatter and weaken you.
4092. Rainbow Trail,1.4
#Wherever you go, you leave a shimmering trail of rainbows behind you. Extremely pretty, terrible for stealth.
4093. Raptor Physiology,3.6
#You are or can transform into a bird of prey, including falcons, eagles, and hawks. You gain incredible eyesight, powerful talons, aerial maneuverability and the predatory instincts of an apex hunter of the skies.
4095. Rarity Empowerment,4.1
#You become stronger, faster, and more durable the rarer your surroundings are, drawing power from scarcity and value. Standing in a vault of priceless artifacts turns you into a powerhouse, while common environments leave you at baseline.
4096. Rat Physiology,2.3
#You are or can transform into a rat, gaining enhanced agility, incredible survivability, a sharp sense of smell, and the ability to squeeze through tiny gaps. Watch out for cats and foxes though.
4097. Ratfolk Physiology,3.8
#You are or can transform into a ratfolk, a humanoid rat-like being from the fantasy genre. You gain enhanced agility, keen senses, nimble fingers, disease resistance, and the cunning survivability that rats are known for, all in a humanoid frame.
4098. Rattlesnake Physiology,3.3
#You are or can transform into a rattlesnake, gaining potent venomous fangs, heat-sensing pits, and a rattle at the end of your tail that warns off predators. You may be deaf in this form, and mongooses, weasels, and birds of prey are still a threat.
4099. Raw Power,6.2
#You possess such immense brute strength and unrestrained force that you can accomplish feats that defy conventional limitations through sheer magnitude alone. You can shatter spells, obliterate barriers, and bat aside intangible things just by hitting them hard enough. Refinement is for other people.
4100. Reactionlessness,3.7
#You do not react to anything, not pain, not attacks, not emotional or sensory effects, not even being surprised. Your face stays blank and your body stays still. You can still be killed or damaged, you just won't flinch while it happens.
4101. Reactive Attribute Enhancement,4.9
#Your physical attributes automatically enhance in response to threats and difficult situations, scaling up to match what you are facing. The boost lasts for the duration of the fight or task, and you may or may not have conscious control over how it manifests. The greater the danger, the greater the enhancement.
4102. Reactive Immunity,6.5
#You instantly become immune to anything used against you the moment it is used. Poison, fire, mind control, a specific person's punches, all of it stops working on you after the first exposure. Things that kill you in one hit never give you the chance to adapt, and absolute powers bypass it entirely.
4103. Reactive Invulnerability,5.4
#You become invulnerable whenever you are in genuine danger, and only then. The invulnerability fades as soon as the threat subsides. Requires that you actually recognize the danger, so attacks you never see coming can still hurt you.
4104. Reader Embodiment,9.2
#You embody the reader of the story, the story being the entire totality of existence and everything beyond it. Every power, every cosmic force, every bypass and meta-immunity is just words on a page you happen to be reading, and nothing within the narrative can touch you. The catch is that readers do not affect stories, so you cannot actually influence anything you observe, only witness it perfectly.
4105. Real World Immunity,6.4
#You are immune to all the physics and logic of the real world, retaining whatever impossible rules governed you in your native fantasy setting. You can still breathe underwater, still cast spells, still fly on nothing, because the real world's opinions do not apply to you.
4106. Reality Anchoring,8.1
#You are completely immune to any and all reality-altering powers. Reality warpers cannot touch you, cannot rewrite you, cannot edit you out of existence. The downside is that you also cannot be resurrected or healed by a reality manipulator, and sufficiently high-tier warpers may still find a way through.
4107. Reality Border Transcendence,8.3
#You exist beyond the concept of reality borders, able to move between time, events, timelines, dimensions and whole realities without any trouble. Walls that separate one existence from another simply do not apply to you. May be limited to a single type of border depending on the user.
4108. Reality Enhanced Condition,8.6
#Your physical and mental condition is enhanced through reality warping itself, meaning your strength, speed, durability, and intellect scale beyond any rational or scientific limit. You can tear reality apart with a punch and remember every atom of a universe. Reality Sundering poses a genuine threat however.
4109. Reality Dreaming,9.5
#Reality is but a dream you are having, all aspects of it are brought about by your subconscious desires and emotions. You are the undisputed supreme being with an indestructible existence, but your possibilities fluctuate with your self-awareness. Should you ever achieve a true state of lucidity, your control over the world would become absolute.
4110. Reality Embodiment,9.2
#You are the living physical manifestation of a reality and possess absolute dominion over it. You might embody just one reality, or in truly extreme cases, all of them. Your desires are reality's desires, and what you want to happen simply does happen, because you and reality are one and the same.
4111. Reality Empowerment,5.7
#You become stronger, faster, and more durable simply by existing within a reality, drawing power from events, objects, characters, real world energies, and the reality itself. You can passively grow in power without doing anything, and may even draw sustenance from reality to slow or stop your aging. Weak against Reality Immunity.
4112. Reality Forsaken,5.5
#You are literally forsaken from reality, your very existence does not agree with it, causing reality itself to constantly try and reject or attack you. On the upside, your existence is too wrong to be properly affected by most normal rules. On the downside, you are perpetually at war with the universe itself and users of Unity will actively hunt you.
4113. Reality Immunity,7.9
#You are immune to anything in reality, trouble, punishment, danger, taxes, physical laws, certain doom, none of them apply to you. This isn't evasion, the things in reality simply cannot touch you at all, you exist within reality but are fundamentally untouchable by it.
4114. Reality Mind,9.5
#Your mind imagines reality, everything that exists, mortals, gods, cosmic entities, the laws of physics, all of it exists as thought-forms within your mentality. What you think of becomes real by your own will, and the totality of existence is the psychological makeup of your mind. You are not just a reality warper, you are the reality everyone else lives inside.
4115. Reality Power Link,5.6
#Your powers are directly linked to and fueled by reality energy, allowing them to be strengthened and utilized on higher levels than they normally would be capable of. You don't gain new powers from this, but whatever you already have becomes significantly more potent. May require a specific state of mind, and unstable reality energy can cause your powers to go haywire.
4116. Reality Separation,9.3
#You exist outside the concept of reality itself, making you immune to almost anything that could affect or harm you. Changes to space, time or reality simply do not touch you, and any damage made to you is instantly rectified. You are also aware of every change made to reality, knowing the difference between the original and any alteration. Absolute and conceptual attacks may still reach you.
4117. Reality Symbiosis,7.0
#You share a symbiotic bond with a reality warping entity, allowing you to alter reality through the connection. The strength of the effects depends entirely on the strength of the entity you are bonded with, ranging from personal tricks to universal rewrites. Be careful, the entity may attempt to take over your mind or body, and channeling its power may harm you.
4118. Reanimated Object Physiology,3.6
#You either are or can transform into a reanimated inanimate object such as a wrecked vehicle, a broken statue, a puppet or a battered machine. Despite being damaged or in pieces you keep moving and functioning, zombie-like, with abilities tied to whatever object you take form of. You may need to feed on other objects to keep going.
4119. Rearrangement Adaptation,3.8
#You can adapt to having your body parts and bodily functions rearranged or scrambled. If your brain gets rewired so you jump when you try to run, you simply adjust. If someone relocates your arms to your back, you learn to use them there. Some rearrangements are harder to adapt to than others, and the adaptation may wear off.
4120. Recessive Genetics,2.5
#You carry recessive genetic codes for superpowers that can easily be overridden by the genes of another. You may be affected, a carrier, or unaffected, and any children of yours have a chance of inheriting the abilities. The gene may also come with a nasty secondary effect such as a curse, and descendants can manifest the powers unexpectedly.
4121. Recoil Immunity,2.8
#You are completely immune to the effects of recoil, no longer pushed back by exerting force. You can fire a cannon one-handed without flinching or kick off a boat without going flying yourself, Newton's Third Law simply does not apply to your end of the interaction. The force that would have caused the recoil can still hurt you directly.
4122. Absolute Recovery Speed,9.3
#You recover from any and all negative effects instantly, no matter the severity or the source. Poison, dismemberment, conceptual erasure, it doesn't matter - the moment harm touches you it's already undone. This power cannot be removed or negated by any means.
4123. Enhanced Recovery Speed,2.8
#You recover from wounds, fatigue, poisons, and other negative effects far faster than the average person. A broken bone might heal in days, a hangover in minutes. Cannot save you if you are outright killed.
4124. Supernatural Recovery Speed,5.2
#You recover from practically any negative effect in a fraction of a second, your restorative abilities surpassing nearly any other being in your universe. Severed limbs reattach, poisons burn away, exhaustion evaporates. Still cannot save you from a killing blow.
4125. Peak Recovery Speed,2.0
#You possess peak human recovery time, able to shake off stuns, poisons, flinches, fatigue, and unconsciousness faster than any regular person. You get back up before your opponent even registers you went down.
4126. Recreation Empowerment,3.5
#You become stronger, faster and more durable whenever something is recreated or restored, whether by you or others. Standing near a field regrowing after fire or a city being rebuilt makes you flourish, and you may even slow your aging by drawing on recreation itself.
4127. Red Lady Physiology,4.0
#You are a Red Lady, a ghostly woman in red born from the souls of those who suffered lust and objectification in life. Unlike most vengeful spirits, you are generally neutral or even benevolent toward the living, and possess a ghost's usual array of haunting abilities. You remain trapped between worlds until your unfinished task is complete.
4128. Red Panda Physiology,2.1
#You either are or can transform into a red panda, fully or partially. Incredibly cute and surprisingly nimble climbers, though their combat utility is about what you'd expect. At least you'll be adored everywhere you go.
4129. Superior Redcap Physiology,5.3
#You are a Superior Redcap, a greater variant of the murderous border-folklore goblin with heightened magic and demonic influence. You are virtually immortal, surviving in a weakened state even when your blood runs dry, and you can form powerful pacts with evil sorcerers and warlocks. Still vulnerable to divine magic and prayers.
4130. Redcap Physiology,3.6
#You are or can transform into a redcap, a short, thickset goblin with fiery red eyes, long teeth, taloned fingers, iron boots and a cap stained crimson from the blood of your victims. You are unaffected by mortal strength but must constantly soak your cap in fresh blood - if it ever dries, you die. Vulnerable to sunlight and holy items.
4131. Reflection Appearance,2.3
#You are only visible through reflective surfaces - mirrors, still water, polished metal. To the naked eye you do not exist, but anyone glancing at a mirror will see you plain as day. A very specific kind of invisibility.
4132. Reflection Empowerment,3.4
#You become stronger, faster and more durable the more reflections surround you, drawing power from every mirror and reflective surface in your vicinity. In a hall of mirrors you become a force of nature; in a pitch-black cave with nothing to reflect, you are diminished.
4133. Reflectionlessness,2.9
#You cast no reflection regardless of light or surface, making you completely immune to Reflection Interaction, Reflection Destruction, Catoptric Replication and Mirror Teleportation. You cannot turn this off, ever, and may still be vulnerable to being physically trapped inside a mirror.
4134. Reflex Immunity,2.7
#You are immune to your own reflexes, meaning you never automatically sneeze, blink, flinch, cough, shiver, or duck unless you consciously choose to. Fantastic for stealth and discipline, but extremely dangerous in practice - your reflexes exist for survival reasons, and going without them is its own hazard.
4135. Absolute Reflexes,8.4
#Your reflexes are limitless, capable of responding to any stimulus regardless of how fast it comes at you. Bullets, lasers, even attacks from beings with supernatural speed are reacted to as easily as you would swat a fly. Note that without a body capable of keeping up, your reactions may outpace your ability to execute them.
4136. Enhanced Reflexes,3.2
#Your reflexes are drastically enhanced, letting you dodge bullets, catch flies in mid-air, block thrown knives and react to things ordinary people would never see coming. Users of Supernatural or Absolute Speed will still blitz you.
4137. Supernatural Reflexes,5.2
#Your reaction speeds are unnaturally superior to anything in your universe, pushed well beyond what nature should allow. You react faster than any ordinary being, though objects moving at absurd speeds may still be too fast to dodge and Absolute Speed users will outmatch you.
4138. Reforming,6.0
#Should your body be broken down, shattered, torn apart or scattered, you will reform completely, reconstructing every piece back to its former state. Useless against attacks that leave no trace, such as Nothingness Manipulation or true Destruction.
4139. Refrigerator Mimicry,1.6
#You are, or can transform into, a refrigerator. A machine used for keeping things cold. You may not be able to move while in fridge form, but on the upside, your leftovers will never spoil.
4140. Absolute Regeneration,9.2
#You can heal from absolutely anything. Gamma ray bursts, spiritual annihilation, conceptual attacks, narrative erasure, supernovas, quasars — it all heals as though it never happened. Your healing factor is intelligent enough to detect threats and undo them before they land, keeping you at absolute peak condition forever.
4141. Enhanced Regeneration,3.4
#You possess an enhanced healing factor, allowing you to rapidly recover from mild to moderate injuries in seconds or minutes, while severe injuries take hours. Lost limbs, organs and nerves can all be regenerated given enough time. Cannot reverse Irreversible Destruction.
4142. Nigh-Absolute Regeneration,8.6
#Your regeneration reaches beyond cells to virtually every fundamental aspect of your existence. Your body, mind, soul, history, information, concept and even your place in the narrative can be restored after being erased. Only Absolute Erasure, Absolute Character Erasure or Irreversible Destruction can bring you down for good.
4143. Supernatural Regeneration,5.8
#Your healing factor is supernatural, letting you recover from virtually anything that doesn't result in instant death. As long as your core remains undamaged you can rebuild, and you cease to age thanks to constant cellular rejuvenation. Only One Hit Kill attacks or total body destruction can truly kill you.
4144. Regenerative Durability,5.0
#As your body regenerates from damage it becomes progressively more resistant to that kind of damage, so the longer a fight drags on, the harder you are to hurt. Each wound healed makes the next one harder to inflict.
4145. Regenerative Empowerment,6.2
#You grow stronger from taking and recovering from damage, developing progressively more powerful forms to overwhelm anything that can harm you. The more an enemy hurts you, the stronger you become, culminating in forms capable of overcoming whatever wounded you in the first place. Vulnerable to neutralization methods that deal no damage.
4146. Regenerative Growth,4.6
#Every time you regenerate, you grow larger and stronger. Damage that would kill an ordinary being only makes you a more imposing threat, healing back bigger than before with each wound you receive.
4147. Regenerative Replication,6.6
#Your regeneration is so extreme that severed body parts each regrow into a full body as powerful as the original, all connected together in a hive mind. You become effectively a biological immortal swarm, impossible to kill by damage alone. Vulnerable to sealing and binding powers which restrain without causing harm.
4148. Reincarnation Empowerment,4.2
#You grow stronger, faster and more durable with every act of rebirth, whether your own or those around you. Each reincarnation fuels your body, slows your aging, and may awaken latent abilities tied to your previous lives.
4149. Absolute Reincarnation,9.3
#You reincarnate infinitely and perfectly, reborn the instant you die, are obliterated, or even just feel like it, into a wholly new and often superior version of yourself. You retain every memory and capability from every prior lifetime, and nothing short of total concept erasure can stop the cycle.
4150. Reincarnation,4.6
#You can survive death by being reborn into a new life, potentially retaining memories, abilities, and fragments of your previous existence. How much carries over depends on the nature of each rebirth, sometimes you remember everything, sometimes you wake as a baby with only dreams of who you used to be.
4151. Reindeer Physiology,2.3
#Allows you to transform into a reindeer or a reindeer hybrid form. You gain enhanced stamina, cold resistance, sharp antlers, and a keen sense of smell. Santa may or may not take interest.
4152. Relationship Embodiment,5.4
#You are the living embodiment of relationships in all their forms, friendship, love, rivalry, kinship, enmity. You draw power from every bond that exists in the world and can wield abilities themed after any type of connection. The stronger the bonds around you, the stronger you become.
4153. Relationship Empowerment,3.6
#You grow stronger, faster, and more durable through your relationships with others. The deeper and more numerous your bonds, the more power flows into you, and severed or poisoned relationships can weaken you just as much.
4154. Relative Appearance Alteration,5.1
#Your appearance shifts based on who is looking at you, shaped by their tastes, fears, memories, and expectations. To one viewer you may appear as their dearest friend, to another as their most hated enemy, and you have no control over what they see. Your true form can only be perceived by Reality Perception.
4155. Relative Momentum,3.2
#Your overall body momentum is independent of how your limbs move. You can swing a massive weapon mid-sprint without losing balance, throw punches at lightspeed while standing still, or kick off a wall without your torso caring. Your center of mass moves exactly how you want it to, regardless of what the rest of you is doing.
4156. Relative Strength Perception,5.7
#You become as powerful as you are perceived to be. If your enemies see you as a world-ending monster, you become one, if they see you as pathetic, you become weak. A good reputation and a loud legend are your greatest weapons, and self-doubt is your deadliest enemy.
4157. Relativistic Immunity,5.3
#You are immune to the effects of relativistic velocities. Time dilation, length contraction, mass increase at lightspeed, none of it affects you. You could travel at the speed of light and still experience time normally, and your mass would remain constant no matter how fast you go.
4158. Reliability Embodiment,4.3
#You are the living embodiment of reliability, honesty, and trust. People instinctively believe you and want to follow you, and the more they rely on you the stronger you become. In a world without trust, however, this power is worthless.
4159. Reliant Immortality,5.6
#You are immortal so long as a specific object, person, soul fragment, or concept continues to exist. As long as the anchor remains, nothing can kill you, but destroy the anchor and you either die outright or become mortal again. Choose your anchor wisely.
4160. Reliant Invulnerability,5.8
#You are invulnerable as long as a specific object, soul, person, or concept exists. The more anchors you have, the more layered and ensured your invulnerability becomes. Lose them all and you become as fragile as any mortal.
4161. Reliant Resurrection,5.4
#Whenever you die, you are eventually resurrected as long as a specific object, place, person, soul fragment, or concept still exists. The anchor determines how quickly you come back, and destroying it is the only way to keep you down for good.
4162. Religion Embodiment,5.0
#You are the living embodiment of religion itself, every organized faith and set of beliefs about the sacred and the divine. You draw strength from the faith of believers and can channel holy or ritual power from any religion that has ever been practiced. Without religion anywhere in the world, your power vanishes.
4163. Remote Control Mimicry,0.7
#You are or can transform into a remote control, capable of operating the functions of whatever device you are paired with. Hope someone points you at a TV.
4164. Rephaite Physiology,5.2
#You are one of the Rephaim, the biblical tribe of giants. You stand much larger than an ordinary human with immense strength and durability to match, though you are vulnerable to prayer and faith due to your corrupt nature. Still smaller than the Anakim or Elioud, but terrifying to ordinary mortals.
4165. Replication Empowerment,4.7
#You grow stronger, faster and more durable whenever you clone or replicate yourself, each copy feeding power back into the whole. Some users draw sustenance or even slow their aging from this affinity, but being stripped of your clones leaves you painfully weakened.
4166. Replication Regeneration,5.4
#You regenerate through replication, either by spreading your wounds out across your clones to heal faster or by spawning fresh duplicates and absorbing them back into yourself. Makes you incredibly difficult to put down as long as you still have the energy to clone.
4167. Reproductive Fluid Mimicry,3.2
#(Nsfw) Your body is made of or can transform into reproductive fluids and cells, retaining your anatomical shape but made entirely of the substance. In this form you still have all your organs and some vulnerabilities remain, though you can also go homogeneous to spread out the damage.
4168. Reptile Companionship,2.2
#You have a natural connection to reptiles, making it far easier for you to bond with and train them. The bond between you and your scaly companions is unbreakable, though not every reptile will take to you without some effort.
4169. Reptiloid Physiology,3.8
#You are a reptiloid, a humanoid creature bearing the traits of lizards, snakes or other reptilians. Your form varies wildly between near-human with faint scales and features to fully resembling a lizard or frog on two legs, with physical abilities to match.
4170. Reptoid Physiology,4.2
#You are a reptoid, a lizard-like alien from either deep space or the hollow earth, wielding advanced tech and an unsettling xenophobic air of superiority. Your physical capabilities are well above a human's and you have access to the racial knowledge base of your kind, though you can still die to conventional violence.
4171. Responsibility Embodiment,5.7
#You are the personification of responsibility itself. Any task you take on, you see through with absolute commitment, knowledge, and skill, and your sheer sense of duty lends weight to everything you do. Irresponsibility Embodiment can directly counter you.
4172. Restoration Embodiment,8.1
#You are the living embodiment of restoration itself. You possess every form of healing, repairing, resurrecting and curing imaginable, and every time something somewhere in existence is returned to its proper state, you grow stronger. The more broken the world, the more there is for you to feed on.
4173. Resurrection Empowerment,5.4
#What kills you makes you stronger, literally. Every time you die and come back, your strength, stamina and powers are all increased. The effects may not always be permanent and there may be a hard cap on how many times you can cash in, but for as long as it lasts, dying is just another training arc.
4174. Resurrective Rebirth,7.4
#Every time you die and are resurrected, you come back as a newer, better, more refined version of yourself. Body, mind, soul, powers and nature are all enhanced and corrected with every rebirth, unlocking latent potential you never knew you had. Death is less an ending and more a forge.
4175. Retractable Body,2.6
#You can retract parts of your body into yourself to evade incoming attacks, making it look for a moment like your limbs have been cleanly cut off. Terrifying to watch, very useful for dodging.
4176. Retractable Eyes,2.1
#You can retract your own eyes into their sockets to avoid incoming attacks to the face. Deeply unsettling to witness, but it beats losing an eye.
4177. Retractable Head,2.8
#You can retract your own head into your body to evade incoming attacks, making it look for a horrifying second like you've been decapitated. A fantastic way to end a conversation early.
4178. Retractable Limbs,2.7
#You can retract your arms and legs into your body to avoid incoming attacks, making it look like your limbs have been severed. Great for dodging, great for scaring the hell out of opponents.
4179. Retroactive Immortality,6.3
#You are immortal in the sense that death simply doesn't stick. You can still be killed by trauma, poison, decapitation, anything really, but you will always come back, whether by instant resurrection, rebirth, or soul transfer into a fresh body. May be limited to a set number of revivals, and certain negations can strip it from you entirely.
4180. Retroscience,7.8
#You know everything about the past. The creation of the universe, its possible creators, every path history has ever taken, all of it is yours to recall. With every passing second, infinite new knowledge pours into you as that second joins the past. You are a living, ever-growing archive of everything that has ever happened.
4181. Retrospective Intelligence,4.2
#You have perfect retrospective recall, able to access every memory and piece of knowledge you've ever accumulated across this life and any past lives. Anything you've seen, read, or experienced can be pulled up instantly and analyzed against what's in front of you. Only useless when the relevant knowledge was never learned in the first place.
4182. Superior Revenant Physiology,6.2
#You are a superior revenant, a deathless soul who has ascended beyond the ordinary undead state. Your physical and spiritual stats are greatly amplified, you command lesser undead and revenants as their alpha and can grow a swarm of deathless followers that can plague entire countries. Still vulnerable to undead slayers and ranks below true deities.
4183. Revenant Physiology,4.1
#You are a revenant, a visible ghost or animated corpse returned from the grave to haunt the living. Your body no longer requires the needs of the living, you possess enhanced physical abilities and can spread disease or drain blood from those who wronged you. Decapitation, removal of the heart or a sufficiently powerful Resurrection can end you.
4184. Reversed Aging,3.3
#Your aging process runs backwards, you were born in an elderly body and will physically grow younger as you reach maturity. Mentally you develop normally, but your appearance, strength and vitality all sharpen the older you chronologically get.
4185. Rhinoceros Beetle Physiology,2.7
#You are or can transform into a rhinoceros beetle, either partially or fully. Your exoskeleton is incredibly tough, your strength relative to your size is massive and your horn can be used to pry, gore and lift far more than your frame should allow.
4186. Rhinofolk Physiology,3.2
#You are a rhinofolk, a humanoid race with the traits of a rhinoceros. You possess the raw strength, durability and charging power of the beast while retaining the dexterity and intelligence of a humanoid. Your horn makes for a natural weapon and your thick hide shrugs off most mundane attacks.
4187. Rhythmic Heartbeat,1.4
#Your heartbeat naturally carries a musical rhythm, pleasant to hear and oddly soothing to those who press their ear to your chest. Some combat techniques may synchronize with it, but missing a beat can cost you dearly.
4188. Ribbon Mimicry,3.6
#You are made of or can transform your body into ribbons. In this form you can squeeze through tight gaps, bind and ensnare targets, and reform from cuts as long as your core ribbons remain intact. Unfortunately ribbons aren't very resilient and you share all the weaknesses of the material.
4189. Rice Mimicry,2.2
#You are made of or can transform your body into rice. You can reform from scattered grains and squeeze through tight spaces, but being made of food you can be eaten, cooked or otherwise consumed by a determined opponent.
4190. Ring Empowerment,3.5
#Wearing rings makes you stronger. Certain rings amplify your existing powers, others grant entirely new abilities, and cursed rings can bind you to unearthly forces in exchange for massive power boosts. If your rings are removed or destroyed, you lose the bonuses instantly.
4191. Ritual Empowerment,4.8
#You grow stronger, faster, and more durable from ritualistic practice. Whether through sacrifice, occult ceremonies, feeding on supernatural sources, or soul transfers, each ritual permanently enhances you and may unlock new abilities. Some users stop aging entirely with enough rituals, but may become dependent on them to sustain vitality.
4192. Rivalry Empowerment,4.1
#Having a rival makes you stronger. The more you compete with, clash against, or measure yourself against your rival, the more you grow, possibly unlocking new powers and slowing your aging. Without a worthy rival, you stagnate, and the rival needs to be roughly comparable to you for the empowerment to kick in.
4193. River Otter Physiology,2.5
#You can transform into a river otter, partially or fully. Excellent swimmer, adorable, surprisingly vicious bite, and a natural affinity for freshwater environments. Also, you are now legally cute.
4194. Ro-langs Physiology,3.9
#You are a ro-langs, a Tibetan zombie from tantric folklore. Your limbs are perpetually stiff, preventing you from bending or entering low doorways, but your touch can spread plague-level disease and your body no longer obeys the rules of the living. Each ro-langs variant has its own specific destruction method written into its existence.
4195. Robe Mimicry,2.2
#You can transform your body into a robe or a set of robes, retaining your anatomy or becoming homogeneous fabric. Perfect for ambushing someone who tries to put you on. Robes aren't very resilient though, so watch out for scissors.
4196. Robin Physiology,2.4
#You can transform into a robin, partially or fully. As a robin you possess excellent flight, sharp vision, and in some folklores the bird has ties to storms and holiness, granting minor blessings of good fortune to those who see you.
4197. Robotic Body Parts,4.0
#Parts of your body, or possibly all of them, are programmable mechanical prostheses that can be reconfigured, upgraded, and assembled into various forms of technology. Run system checks on your own arm, swap out your leg for a cannon, rebuild yourself as needed. May require a power source and vulnerable to EMP.
4198. Robotic Leg,2.1
#You possess a programmable mechanical leg that can be customized and upgraded to fit your needs. Grants enhanced kicking power and durability compared to a flesh leg, and can be disassembled for system checks. Vulnerable to EMPs and may require a power source.
4199. Robotic Neck,1.6
#You possess a programmable mechanical neck that holds your head steady no matter what. Can be upgraded with swivel range, shock absorption and reinforced armor. Vulnerable to EMPs and may need a power source.
4200. Robust Activity,3.6
#Your body produces absurd amounts of force with minimal muscle activity, letting you move and strike with strength far beyond what your physique suggests. A skinny nerd with this trait could bench press a car. You can still tire from overuse.
4201. Rocky Terrain Adaptation,2.0
#Your body is perfectly adapted to rocky environments. You can scale, leap and navigate jagged landscapes with ease, resist injury from sharp stone, and endure the harsh conditions of mountains and badlands without strain.
4202. Room Mimicry,3.3
#You either are or can transform into a room. In transformed form your body contains all your organs in anatomically identical placements, just made of the room, making you somewhat vulnerable to structural weakening. Movement is difficult while transformed.
4203. Rope Mimicry,3.0
#You are or share the traits of a rope, letting you wrangle and bind people with your body, stretch to great lengths, and tie yourself into knots no contortionist could manage.
4204. Rotation Adaptation,2.5
#You can rotate in any position no matter how strenuous or unusual, performing fast spins mid-yoga pose or while balanced on one finger. No matter the contortion, your rotation stays perfectly stable.
4205. Rotational Empowerment,4.1
#You become stronger, faster and more durable from rotation and rotational energy, growing more powerful the more things spin around you. You may even draw sustenance from rotational energy or slow your aging, but without rotation, you weaken.
4206. Rougarou Physiology,3.8
#You are or can transform into a Rougarou, the Cajun werewolf of the Louisiana swamps. You gain enhanced physical abilities, wolf-like senses and a taste for blood. Vulnerable to fire and decapitation, and some say they can be repelled by salt or a hexagon.
4207. Rough Armor,3.1
#Your body is covered in a defensive layer of spikes, sharp scales or jagged fur that not only absorbs attacks but injures anyone who makes contact with it. Grapplers and unarmed fighters learn to regret touching you.
4208. Rubber Mimicry,4.2
#Your body is made of or can transform into rubber, granting you the elastic, bouncy physiology that made a certain straw-hatted pirate famous. Blunt attacks do nothing, but cutting weapons, fire and cold are still serious threats.
4209. Rumor Empowerment,3.6
#You grow stronger, faster and tougher the more rumors circulate about you, whether they are flattering or vile. A juicy piece of gossip spreading through a city can push your abilities to frightening heights, but if the rumors are disproven or dismissed, you weaken accordingly.
4210. Runestone Mimicry,3.0
#You are or can transform into a raised stone with a runic inscription. In this form your body is incredibly durable and carries the quiet weight of the Viking Age, and many users passively pick up minor rune magic as a side effect of being a runestone.
4211. Enhanced Running,2.6
#You can run far faster than a peak human, with effortless control, efficiency and traction. Your natural top speed lands somewhere between 40 and 380 MPH depending on training, and you can maintain it without the wear and tear a normal body would suffer.
4212. Supernatural Running,4.6
#You run obviously, glaringly, unnaturally faster than any other being in your universe. Cars are slow. Jets are slow. Unless you also have the durability and senses to handle those speeds, however, you risk tearing your own body apart the moment you really open up.
4213. Rusalka Physiology,4.3
#Slavic Mythology - You are or can transform into a rusalka, a water spirit of Slavic folklore. You possess unnatural beauty, water affinity, and the power to charm mortals into the depths. You must stay near water or you will dry up and die, and you are averse to wormwood, lovage and garlic.
4214. Sabre Mimicry,2.8
#You are or can transform into a sabre or a body made of sabres. In this form you are razor-edged across your entire silhouette, and depending on the material you may be extraordinarily durable. Some users get stuck in this form if they are not careful.
4215. Saci Physiology,4.0
#Brazilian Folklore - You are or can transform into a Saci, a one-legged mischievous youngster with holes in his palms, a pipe in his mouth and a magical red cap that lets him vanish and reappear inside a dust devil. You can travel via whirlwinds and grant wishes when cornered, but if your cap is removed much of your power is lost, and crossing water on the wind slows you down.
4216. Sack Man Physiology,4.2
#Iberian Folklore - You are or can transform into the Sack Man, an impossibly ugly and skinny old figure who wanders the land with a large sack searching for naughty children. You possess supernatural stealth, an unending sack that can hold victims many times its size, and the dread aura of a childhood nightmare. You grow weaker when no one fears you.
4217. Sacrifice Aspect Manifestation,5.4
#You embody one of the sacrifice aspects, essential archetypes that manifest as the powers and traits of a chosen offering. Your aspect is either a mirror of your own deepest character or assigned to you by a higher entity, and its abilities scale with how fully you accept the name of the sacrifice you carry.
4218. Sacrifice Empowerment,4.4
#You grow stronger, faster and more durable from sacrifices, whether your own or those made by others in your name. Acts of martyrdom and offering fuel your abilities, and devoted users can draw sustenance from sacrifices alone, slowing or even halting their aging entirely.
4219. Sacrificial Creation Physiology,4.6
#You are a being born from sacrifice, possessing traits and powers derived from whatever was offered to create you. You may require continued offerings to sustain your existence, and the nature of your original sacrifice influences your body and mind in subtle and not so subtle ways.
4220. Sadness Empowerment,3.5
#Your strength, speed, and durability all scale with sadness, either your own or that of those around you. In a room full of grief you could be unstoppable, but surround you with happiness and you become ordinary. Extreme sorrow may cloud your judgement.
4221. Sagari Physiology,3.1
#You are a Sagari, a yokai born from the unhappy soul of a discarded horse, manifesting as a large horse head that hangs from trees. Your unnatural cries can startle and inflict fever upon those who hear them. Vulnerable to Shinto rituals, prayers and the relics of shrine maidens.
4222. Salamander Physiology,4.1
#You are or can transform into a salamander, the legendary fire-lizard of myth. Your body is so cold it can live unharmed in flames and extinguish the hottest fires, and your skin secretes a poison potent enough to contaminate a well just by falling in. Your body also produces the legendary salamander wool.
4223. Saliva Mimicry,3.4
#Your body is made of saliva, or can transform into it at will. You can liquefy to slip through gaps, reform from splatters, and shrug off physical attacks that would harm solid flesh. Extreme temperatures are dangerous, and most people will not want to touch you.
4224. Salmon of Knowledge Physiology,6.5
#Celtic Myth - You are or can transform into the Salmon of Knowledge, the legendary fish that ate nine hazelnuts from the Well of Wisdom and gained all the knowledge in the world. In this form you possess omniscient awareness of all things, and the first being to eat your flesh would inherit that knowledge in turn.
4225. Salmonidae Physiology,2.0
#You are or can transform into a member of the salmonid family, including salmon, trout, char, grayling and freshwater whitefish. You gain the ability to breathe underwater, swim upstream against tremendous currents, and leap remarkable distances out of the water.
4226. Salt Mimicry,3.8
#Your body is composed of salt and you can shift freely between human and salt form. While you can reform from scattered grains, salt isn't particularly durable and large amounts of water will literally melt you away.
4227. Salt Shaker Mimicry,1.1
#Your body is made of salt shakers, or you can transform into one. Yes, just salt shakers. You are extremely vulnerable to being picked up and used at dinner.
4228. Samebito Physiology,4.2
#Japanese Mythology - You are or can transform into a Samebito, a humanoid shark yokai with inky black skin and emerald eyes. You possess aquatic supremacy, enhanced physical stats and your tears literally turn into jewels. You can be controlled by shark manipulators and banished by Shinto deities.
4229. Samsara Embodiment,7.8
#You are the living embodiment of Samsara, the eternal cycle of birth, death and rebirth. Your very presence pulls souls through the wheel of existence, and you wield absolute authority over reincarnation itself. To kill you is meaningless, you are the cycle.
4230. Sanctiscience,8.7
#You possess absolute knowledge of all things spiritual. Every soul, every spirit world, every afterlife, every divine truth is laid bare before your mind. You know the true nature of existence beyond the physical, and can navigate the spiritual realm as easily as reading a book.
4231. Sand Embodiment,5.7
#You are the physical embodiment of sand itself. You have limitless control over and complete immunity to all forms of sand, from desert dunes to glassmaker's silica. Water, earth and air-based powers may pose some trouble for your domain.
4232. Sand Mimicry,4.6
#Your body is made of sand and you can shift freely between human and sand form. Incredibly flexible with Water Mimicry-like mutability, you can pour yourself through any gap and reform at will. Water makes you heavier and harder to control, and fire can melt you into glass.
4233. Sand Symbiosis,4.6
#You host a sand-based entity within your body, whether an elemental force, a silica spirit, or a being of living granules. In exchange for potent sand-based powers, the entity may try to take over your mind or body if your will falters.
4234. Sandwich Mimicry,2.8
#Your body is completely composed of sandwich matter, either retaining your original anatomy with organs made of bread and filling or becoming a homogenous sandwich blob. You are oddly vulnerable to rot and hungry predators.
4235. Sandworm Physiology,4.8
#You are or can transform into a sandworm, a gigantic carnivorous worm-like creature that swims through sand like water. Your jaws can rend anything in the desert and your presence alone makes the ground tremble.
4236. Sanitized Metabolism,2.2
#Your metabolism is flawlessly sanitized, ensuring your body remains perpetually clean and free of waste, sweat, dead skin, and odor. You don't gain any actual immunity from this, but you'll never need a shower, and you still smell faintly pleasant even after a hard workout. You can still get dirty from outside sources though.
4237. Sansei Physiology,3.3
#You are a Sansei, a mountain-dwelling yokai resembling a small humanoid spirit with a single backwards-bent limb. You are master of the mountain animals and possess minor yokai powers, though you are vulnerable to Shinto rituals and prayers from shrine maidens.
4238. Sap Empowerment,3.1
#You grow stronger, faster, and more durable when in contact with plant sap, drawing sustenance and vitality from it. With enough exposure you may even slow your aging or draw power directly from trees, but consuming too much could poison or kill you.
4239. Sapient Organite Consciousness,7.4
#Your body houses a collective consciousness of sentient organite, trillions of self-aware bio-computers that bond with you as their primary host. They respond to your every thought as a hive, can store infinite genetic information, and grant you superhuman adaptability and regeneration through their gestalt intelligence.
4240. Sarugami Physiology,3.6
#You are a Sarugami, a clever and dangerous yokai monkey with human-level intelligence, the ability to speak, and the cunning to wield weapons. You possess yokai powers and a knack for raiding and mischief, though you can still be slain by mortal blades and are vulnerable to Shinto rites.
4241. Sasabonsam Physiology,3.9
#You are a Sasabonsam, a blood-draining ogre from African folklore resembling a large humanoid with iron teeth and hooked claws. Living in trees, you use your claws to snatch prey from below, and your cruelty makes you a terror of the canopy. Vulnerable to rites and prayers of the African pantheons.
4242. Sash Mimicry,2.8
#Your body is made of sashes, long ribbons of silk and cloth woven into a vaguely human shape. You can unravel and reform at will, slipping through narrow gaps, but you are only as durable as the fabric you're made of.
4243. Sasquatch Physiology,3.8
#You are a sasquatch, the missing link between man and ape. Your physical strength, endurance and senses are far beyond those of a normal human, and your thick fur and tough hide grant you natural resilience to both the elements and physical harm.
4244. Satellite Mimicry,4.6
#You either are or can transform into a satellite, gaining orbital observation, surveillance arrays, microelectronic stealth, and potentially weapon systems and shielding. Entering and exiting orbit under your own power may be challenging.
4245. Satori Physiology,4.2
#You are a satori, a monkey-like yokai that haunts mountain huts. You can read the surface thoughts of anyone you lock eyes with, and your ape-like body grants you agility and strength beyond a normal human. A hungry instinct lurks at the edges of your mind.
4246. Satyr Physiology,3.9
#You are a satyr or faun, a half-man half-goat creature of the wild. You possess supernatural endurance, a natural affinity with nature and animals, and an enchanting musical talent that can charm listeners into dancing. Your presence lifts spirits - or breaks them.
4247. Sauropod Physiology,4.3
#You are a sauropod, the long-necked titans of the dinosaur age. Your sheer size and mass make you almost unstoppable through blunt force alone, and a casual swing of your tail could flatten a building. You are not particularly agile, nor bright.
4248. Sausage Mimicry,1.0
#Your body is made entirely of sausage links. You can reform and reshape at will, but you are soft, vulnerable, and carnivores within a mile will be unusually interested in you.
4249. Saw Mimicry,3.1
#Your body is or can become a massive spinning sawblade. You are cuttingly dangerous but depending on your material you may be vulnerable, and some users find themselves stuck as a giant circular saw permanently.
4250. Saxophone Mimicry,1.3
#Your body is or can transform into a saxophone. You produce beautiful music when air is blown through you, but you may be unable to move on your own while transformed.
4251. Sazae-Oni Physiology,4.7
#You are a Sazae-Oni, a shapeshifting sea yokai born from a turban snail that has lived for thirty years. You can take the form of a beautiful woman to lure sailors to their doom, possess inhuman strength and aquatic adaptations, and can regrow from your shell if your body is destroyed.
4252. Scarecrow Mimicry,3.5
#Your body is that of a living scarecrow, near-weightless and non-living. You feel no pain, need no food, and can take absurd punishment from blunt force, but fire is a lethal threat and a single torch could end you. Straw bodies also come with an uncanny wisdom.
4253. Scarf Empowerment,2.6
#You become stronger, faster and more durable whenever you are in contact with scarves. The longer and finer the scarf, the greater the boost, and at higher levels you may even draw sustenance from them.
4254. Scent Sight,2.4
#You can see scents as visible trails in the air, colored and shaped by their source. Perfect for tracking, identifying individuals and spotting things hidden from normal sight. Inodorous targets are invisible to you.
4255. Science Embodiment,9.2
#You are the physical embodiment of science itself, not just a scientist but the living personification of every law, principle and potential the discipline holds. Every experiment ever conducted, every theorem ever proven and every machine ever built is an extension of your being, granting you limitless control over all forms of science.
4256. Science Empowerment,3.3
#You become stronger, faster and more durable when in contact with scientific forces, whether that be electricity, radiation, chemical reactions or machinery. At higher levels you can draw sustenance from them and unlock new abilities tied to the affinity.
4257. Science Fiction Embodiment,7.6
#You are the living embodiment of science fiction itself, the concept of conceptual exploration and research woven into a person. Any technology, theory or phenomenon native to the genre becomes something you can invoke, from FTL drives to uplifted hiveminds, so long as you can frame it as 'exploring the unknown through science'.
4258. Science Immunity,4.2
#You are immune to all things science, science-based powers and technology simply refuse to function on you. Bullets may still hit you as pure kinetic impact, but anything labelled 'scientific' slides right off. Does nothing against magic or the supernatural, and you can still be hurt from within.
4259. Science Lock,8.4
#You exist entirely outside of science, independent of its laws, logic and principles in any form. No scientific power, formula or phenomenon can touch you, you simply are not subject to that framework of reality. Only those wielding Almighty or Meta Science can reach you.
4260. Scientific Power Link,5.4
#Your scientific nature is directly linked to your powers, fueling and strengthening them through your science-based essence. The stronger your scientific core, the more potent your abilities become. Unstable scientific force can cause your powers to rampage, and Science Negation can shut you down entirely.
4261. Scientific Power,5.7
#You possess scientific power, a hyper-adaptive natural force drawn from the source of all science. It produces endless levels of energy from mundane or cosmic sources, and grants you a wide variety of science-related abilities, either all at once or growing with time. Science Negation is your greatest weakness.
4262. Scientific Self-Restoration,5.8
#You can heal, regenerate and even resurrect your own body through advanced scientific means. Nanotechnology knits wounds, cybernetic interfaces replace organs, genetic engineering regrows limbs, and exotic energy can reboot you from death itself. Informational corruption and Crash! effects can disrupt the process.
4263. Scissor Mimicry,2.4
#You can transform your body into scissors, either retaining a humanoid anatomy made of scissor-metal or dissolving into homogenous blade-matter. Durability depends on the quality of metal you are made of.
4264. Sciuromorph Physiology,2.2
#You either are or can transform into a sciuromorph, the rodent family of squirrels, chipmunks, marmots, flying squirrels and prairie dogs. Comes with the associated agility, cheek storage, and in some cases, the ability to glide.
4265. Scorching Presence,3.1
#You project a field of heat around you, constantly raising the temperature of the surrounding area to scorching levels. Useful for intimidation and area denial, though without heat immunity you will cook yourself too, and it may not be something you can turn off.
4266. Scorpinoid Physiology,3.7
#You are or can transform into a scorpinoid, a fictional humanoid scorpion race. You possess a human-like torso with chitinous armor, clawed hands, and a venomous tail strong enough to pierce through metal plating.
4267. Scorpion Man Physiology,4.1
#You either are or can transform into an aqrabuamelu, the scorpion men of Babylonian mythology who guard the gates of the sun. You possess the torso and arms of a man atop the enormous body of a scorpion, with a presence so terrible that your gaze was said to mean death in the old stories.
4268. Scorpion Monster Physiology,3.8
#You either are or can transform into a scorpion monster, some massive hulking arthropod nightmare with armor, claws, and a venom that kills gods. Unfortunately you are also vulnerable to Monster Manipulation and Monster Slayer users.
4269. Scorpion Physiology,2.6
#You either are or can transform into a scorpion, granting you a venomous stinger, hardened exoskeleton and the ability to survive in extreme environments. Beware of mongoose, centipedes and bats.
4270. Sculpture Mimicry,2.5
#You can transform your body into a sculpture of any material, whether marble, bronze, wood or clay, retaining your anatomical form but made of the chosen substance. Durability depends on the material, and you may need an essence to keep yourself animate.
4271. Scylla Physiology,6.2
#Greek Mythology - You are or can transform into Scylla, the legendary sea monster of the strait. You possess six long serpentine necks with grisly heads, twelve tentacle-like legs, and a body ringed with the barking heads of hounds. Any ship or creature that passes within your reach is doomed, your multiple heads striking faster than the eye can follow.
4272. Scythe Mimicry,3.8
#You can transform your body, partially or wholly, into living scythes. In this form your limbs become curving blades and your body takes on the sharpness and density of forged steel, though your organs remain and you are still vulnerable to being broken.
4273. Sea Monster Physiology,5.8
#You are or can transform into an aquatic monster with an innate connection to the sea. Your form depends on the gacha's whim - kraken, leviathan, deep one, or something nameless - but all share immense physical power, aquatic adaptation, and a terrifying presence that unnerves sailors from miles away.
4274. Sea Nymph Physiology,5.2
#Greek Mythology - You are or can transform into a sea nymph, a minor goddess of the salt waters. You possess graceful beauty, hydrokinetic command over the tides, the ability to breathe underwater and communicate with sea life, and a fragment of divinity inherited from your mythic parentage.
4275. Sea Otter Physiology,1.6
#You can transform into a sea otter, either partially or fully. You gain excellent swimming ability, cold resistance from a thick coat of fur, and the dexterity to crack shellfish on a rock resting on your belly. Mostly just adorable.
4276. Sea Serpent Physiology,5.4
#You are or can transform into a sea serpent, a colossal serpentine monster of legend. Your body stretches for hundreds of meters, your scales shrug off harpoons, and your jaws can snap a galleon in half. You are most powerful in deep water but can survive on land for short periods.
4277. Sea Turtle Physiology,1.8
#You can transform into a sea turtle, either partially or fully. You gain a heavy protective shell, the ability to hold your breath for hours, and a natural sense of oceanic navigation that lets you find your way across any sea.
4278. Seagull Physiology,1.4
#You can transform into a seagull, either partially or fully. You gain flight, keen eyesight, and an unbreakable instinct for stealing french fries from beachgoers. Not very fast on land and you cannot dive very deep.
4279. Sealed Form,5.0
#You exist in an undeveloped state, with your true powers locked away and slowly manifesting as you mature. The process is unpredictable - each breakthrough might grant you a minor utility or shake the foundations of the world. Others may have placed the lock on you, and breaking it early could be catastrophic.
4280. Sealing Empowerment,4.5
#You grow stronger, faster and more durable the more seals or sealed entities are near you, drawing sustenance directly from confinement itself. A user standing in a vault full of sealed artifacts could be a minor god, while one with nothing to feed on is only slightly above human.
4281. Sealing Symbiosis,5.0
#You host a sealing entity bound to your body and soul, granting you potent sealing abilities such as confining beings, powers, and weapons within vessels. As with all symbiosis, the entity may try to take you over or burn your body out if pushed too hard.
4282. Season Embodiment,7.6
#You are the living incarnation of the four seasons, wielding divine authority over Winter, Spring, Summer, and Autumn and everything they represent, from death and decay to light and rebirth. Your presence alone can throw weather patterns into chaos if you aren't careful.
4283. Seaweed Physiology,2.2
#Your body is made of seaweed, or can transform into it at will. You are slimy, flexible, and difficult to get a grip on, though you remain vulnerable to anything that would hurt ordinary seaweed.
4284. Seduction Immunity,2.3
#You are completely immune to normal and supernatural seduction, as well as all sexually-based powers. Succubi, sirens, and charming magical girls all bounce off you like rain on a roof.
4285. Seductive Magnetism,5.2
#You possess an effortless, otherworldly allure that goes far beyond mere beauty, a primal pull that stirs fascination, admiration and quiet hunger in nearly anyone who comes close. It is always active, though you can regulate its intensity, and some may be naturally immune.
4286. Seductive Pheromones,4.0
#(Nsfw) Your body constantly emits intensely seductive pheromones laced with aphrodisiacs, awakening a raw, instinctive erotic hunger in those who breathe them in. Filters and masks will shut it down entirely, and the strong-willed are resistant.
4287. Segben Physiology,4.3
#Philippine Mythology - You are or can transform into a segben, a fearsome werewolf-like predator from Philippine mythology. Your tongue instantly kills anything it touches, letting you feast on your prey at leisure, though spices can keep you at bay and sharp knives can harm you.
4288. Segmented Wings,3.5
#You possess or can form wings made up of many individual objects or small creatures working in unison. They grant you flight and can be broken apart mid-fight to attack or defend.
4289. Seismic Energy Immunity,3.4
#You are completely immune to vibrations and seismic force. No earthquake, shockwave, or body-shattering resonance can harm you directly, though indirect effects like falling rubble will still get you.
4290. Selective Appearance,2.1
#You are only visible through certain mediums, like mirrors, cameras, or specific types of light. You still physically exist though, so sand and dust can still give away your position.
4291. Selective Heaviness,4.1
#You are simultaneously weighted and weightless, allowing you to walk on quicksand without sinking and step on pressure plates without triggering them, yet still knock over heavy objects or carry massive loads. Physics treats you as a walking contradiction and doesn't ask questions.
4292. Selective Immunity,3.8
#You are completely immune to a specific power, element, attack, object, or abstract concept of your choosing. The more specific the immunity the stronger it is, but anything outside of that narrow band can still harm you as normal.
4293. Selective Inertia,5.1
#You have both high and low inertia at the same time, high in regards to everything that isn't you, low in regards to yourself. It is extremely hard for anything external to change your motion, yet you can start, stop, or change direction effortlessly. Makes you essentially invulnerable to physical attacks while letting you punch with the force of a freight train.
4294. Selective Invincibility,3.6
#You are absolutely unbeatable in a specific activity, field, or use of a specific power. No one will ever defeat you in your chosen speciality, be it chess, swordsmanship, or cooking ramen, but you can still be beaten in anything else. The more niche the field, the more absolute the invincibility.
4295. Selective Lightness,4.0
#You are simultaneously lightweight and not lightweight, letting you activate heavy pressure switches and break through hard floors by having weight, while being light enough to not topple fragile objects when you want to carry them. The perfect counterpart to Selective Heaviness.
4296. Selective Limb Empowerment,3.9
#You possess at least one body part that houses its own supernatural powers, making that limb vastly stronger or more capable than the rest of your body. Your left arm might be able to shatter mountains while the rest of you is peak human. If the limb is removed, the power goes with it.
4297. Selective Momentum,5.1
#You have both high and low momentum simultaneously, letting you resist being moved by any external force while freely changing your own velocity and direction. Similar to Selective Inertia but focused on motion rather than mass and rest, a bullet train hitting you will bounce off while you casually turn mid-air.
4298. Selective Omnipresence,8.5
#You exist everywhere some specific subject and anything related to it exists. If your subject is death, you are present at every dying breath across the entirety of creation. You perceive and can act through all of it simultaneously, bound only by the scope of your chosen domain.
4299. Selective Omniscience,8.4
#You know everything about a specific subject and everything connected to it. If your subject is art, you know every artist past present and future, every composition ever made, and every technique and theory down to the infinite. Outside that sphere you know only what a normal person would.
4300. Self Empowerment,5.0
#You become stronger, faster, and more durable simply by being yourself. Walking, eating, sleeping, all of it passively empowers you over time, and with enough growth you may even unlock new abilities or slow your aging by drawing sustenance from your own existence. Infinity Negation can shut this down.
4301. Self Power Link,4.5
#Some core aspect of yourself (your element, your emotions, your spirit, or mystical nature) is directly linked to your powers and fuels them. The stronger the aspect the stronger your powers, but if either the aspect or the power is destroyed while linked, you may lose both the ability and your life.
4302. Self-Adaptation,6.2
#Your existence reactively adapts to virtually anything you face, gaining whatever traits or abilities are needed to survive or overcome the situation. The speed and extent of adaptation are limited only by your own preferences, allowing you to tailor how your body and powers evolve against any threat.
4303. Self-Affection,2.1
#You are able to affect and influence yourself with your own powers, bypassing the common limitation of abilities that cannot target their wielder. A subtle but surprisingly useful passive for those whose powers would otherwise be unusable on themselves.
4304. Self-Contained Existence,7.6
#You are complete unto yourself, drawing everything you need for your existence from within. You no longer require air, food, or external energy, your lifespan is untouched by outside forces, and you exist distinct from the rest of creation. It does not grant mastery over yourself, just freedom from anything outside you.
4305. Self-Destruction Embodiment,6.4
#You embody the idea of self-destruction, self-harm, and suicidal ideation itself. You can represent and draw power from the deathwishes of individuals or entire groups, feeding on despair and the urge to end oneself. A dark and uncomfortable existence, but a conceptually potent one.
4306. Self-Expressive Capability,5.4
#Your powers, capabilities and physiology develop to represent your own identity, drawn from your experiences, ideals, hobbies, treasured objects and inner character. As you use these capabilities you come to know yourself more fundamentally, on a journey of true self-recognition. What specifically you develop is unpredictable.
4307. Self-Harm Empowerment,4.4
#The more damage you inflict on yourself, the stronger, faster and more durable you become, potentially unlocking new abilities and even slowing your aging. A masochist's dream, requiring immense willpower to wield since you still feel every wound and dying from your own hands ends the loop.
4308. Self-Power Immunity,3.3
#You are immune to the negative ill effects of your own powers, so your fire can't burn you and your poison can't poison you. Indirect consequences still apply - if you drop a building, it crushes you like anyone else - and the same power used by someone else will still hit normally.
4309. Self-Power Resistance,2.1
#You are resistant, though not immune, to the negative effects of your own powers. If you push hard enough, you can still burn yourself with your own fire, but casual use won't hurt you.
4310. Self-Retention,6.3
#You can keep your sense of self intact no matter what happens to you - if you are converted into a monster, an object, or a soul in the afterlife, you remain you. Advanced users are perfectly and permanently unchanged in every way, fully immune to conversion-based powers. Only Omni-Conversion can break this.
4311. Self-Sufficiency,7.8
#You are completely self-sufficient and can overcome any obstacle without outside help of any kind. You have no need for air, food, water, shelter or any other external thing, and at the highest level you may exist separate and transcendent from creation itself, needing nothing from reality to keep on being.
4312. Self-Supremacy,7.0
#You are fully aware of and in complete control over everything that composes you - every cell, every breath, every thought, every emotion, every subconscious twitch. Nothing in your body, mind or soul does anything you don't want it to, granting you powerful immunity to powers that try to control any part of you. The constant awareness can be overwhelming.
4313. Self-Sustenance,4.7
#Your physical and metabolic needs are greatly reduced or completely eliminated - you may no longer need food, water, air, sleep, warmth, shelter, or waste excretion. This lets you survive in inhospitable environments like the vacuum of space or the deep ocean. You may still feel the psychological pangs of hunger even if your body no longer requires it.
4314. Selkie Physiology,3.5
#You are a Selkie, a seal in the water who sheds their coat to walk on land as a striking and seductive human. You swim like you were born to it and your presence is magnetic to those dissatisfied with their lives. If your seal coat is stolen, you may be unable to return to your true form, and extended separation from the sea is deeply depressing, even deadly.
4315. Sensation Immunity,2.9
#You are immune to any and all sensations - pain, pleasure, tickling, itching, tingling, all of it. You still take physical damage as normal, you just don't feel anything from it. Immunity bypassing and power negation are the perfect counters.
4316. Absolute Sight,8.7
#Your eyes are no longer bound by mortal perception. You can see everything happening across the world, the galaxy, or even the entire universe at once. You can gaze into the thoughts of any being and pierce the veil of time to witness past and future events. The only thing you cannot see is something hidden by a power greater than sight itself.
4317. Enhanced Sight,2.6
#Your vision is pushed beyond the peak of your species, granting you incredible clarity, distance, and color perception. You can see in the dark, underwater, magnify distant objects, and perceive things too small for the naked eye. Your accuracy and precision are significantly improved.
4318. Supernatural Sight,4.6
#Your sight is on a supernatural level, allowing you to see details tens of kilometres away, potentially around corners or over the horizon. You can see in all directions at once, pierce absolute darkness, track things too fast for the normal eye and distinguish the faintest details. Weak against Blindness Inducement and susceptible to sensory overload.
4319. Peak Human Sight,1.9
#Your eyesight is pushed to the absolute peak of human capability, 20/5 vision equivalent to a bird of prey. You can see from 20 feet away what others need to be 5 feet away to see, and your eyes can pick out detail in complete darkness. Still, it is not superhuman and can be overwhelmed.
4320. Absolute Smell,8.5
#Your nose transcends mortal limitation. You can smell everything that occurs across the world, the galaxy, or even the entire universe. You can smell the thoughts of any living being and even bypass time itself to catch the scent of the past and future. Essentially omniscience through the nose.
4321. Enhanced Smell,2.4
#You can detect specific people, objects, substances or locations by scent alone, tracking them from their origin with nothing but your nose. You can detect lies, illnesses, and even tumours by the hormones a target excretes. Does not work on odourless materials or targets using Scent Shifting.
4322. Supernatural Smell,4.4
#Your sense of smell is so unnaturally acute that you can smell anything over any distance, including through space itself. You can distinguish individual molecules and atoms by scent alone. Weak against Anosmia Inducement and Sensory Overload, and may be constantly active with no way to turn it off.
4323. Peak Human Smell,2.0
#Your sense of smell is pushed to the limits of human perfection, rivalling that of wolves. You gain blindsight through scent, lie detection through released chemicals, pregnancy detection through pheromones, and even rudimentary empathy through emotional pheromones. Shapeshifters cannot hide their true form from your nose.
4324. Enhanced Taste,2.3
#Your sense of taste is sharp enough to accurately identify harmful and beneficial substances at a glance. You can tell what someone has eaten or drunk recently by tasting their saliva or sweat, and with training you may even taste things from a short distance without physical contact. Strong flavours may overwhelm you.
4325. Supernatural Taste,4.3
#Your sense of taste is unnaturally acute, letting you identify unknown substances simply by tasting them and remotely taste everything in your environment from a great distance. You can distinguish chemical compounds at a molecular level. Food allergies may still affect you with disproportionate severity.
4326. Peak Human Taste,1.8
#Your sense of taste is pushed to the highest limits of human perfection. You can tell how old something is, what ingredients were added first, and identify the chemical compounds within any dish. A perfect skill for chefs, sommeliers and poison detectors.
4327. Enhanced Touch,2.6
#Your sense of touch is exceptional, allowing you to detect specific persons, objects or places by feel alone. You can sense the thinnest invisible cracks on any surface, feel vibrations through solids, liquids and air, and track targets with the tip of your fingers. Can be countered by Intangibility.
4328. Supernatural Touch,4.7
#Your sense of touch is so unnaturally acute you can feel impressions left on intangible things like light waves, gravity, layers of space-time, and even the fabric of reality itself. You can touch and feel individual molecules, atoms and subatomic particles, and perceive the internal workings of your own body and anything that touches it.
4329. Peak Human Touch,1.9
#Your sense of touch is pushed to the peak of human perfection. You can feel the ink on a printed page, sense another person's breathing, pulse and heartbeat through the air, and detect vibrations through solid substances and air-pressure changes. Not superhuman, but uncannily precise.
4330. Absolute Senses,9.0
#Your senses ascend to an infinite scale, letting you perceive all of existence with unmatched clarity. You can see anything, hear the faintest whispers across creation, and smell or taste across infinite distance. You perceive conceptual forces, ethereal beings, thoughts, instincts, and non-physical aspects of reality as easily as a mortal perceives the room around them. An aspect of omnipotence.
4331. Supernatural Senses,5.3
#Every one of your five senses is pushed to a super-unnatural level. You see thousands of miles away in immense resolution, hear through walls and pick up the faintest vibrations from afar, smell and taste individual molecules, and feel the slightest disturbances in air, earth and water. May be constantly active and unblockable.
4332. Peak Human Senses,2.4
#All five of your senses are pushed to the peak of human capability. 20/5 vision, vision in total darkness and ultraviolet, hearing from 10hz to 40khz, touch that can feel another's heartbeat through the air, and smell and taste that rival a wolf's. Not superhuman, but you are as perfect an organism as your species allows.
4333. Sensorimotor Synchrony,5.4
#Your body is perfectly synchronised with your mind. There is no delay between thought and action, no gap between intention and execution. Neural transmission speed, muscle response time and biological processing lag simply do not apply to you. Your body is a direct extension of your will, though opponents fast enough can still blitz you before your mind has anything to react to.
4334. Sensory Adaptation,3.9
#Your senses automatically adapt to suit any environment, allowing you to survive situations that would overwhelm, damage or deceive a normal sensory system. Blinding light, deafening sound, toxic stench - your body adjusts on the fly. Adaptations may be temporary depending on the situation.
4335. Sensory Attacks Immunity,4.0
#You are immune to any sense-suppressing or sensory-attack ability. Flashbangs, blinding lights, deafening noises, sensory overload, sensory deprivation - none of it affects you. Your five senses are naturally shielded against anything that would interfere with them, though immunity bypassing or power negation can still get through.
4336. Sensory Regeneration,3.6
#Your senses and sensory organs regenerate if harmed. Gouged eyes, ruptured eardrums, severed tongues or destroyed noses all grow back fully functional. You can even regenerate sensory organs you have never had before. Opposed by Anti-Regeneration and Healing Erasure.
4338. Sentience Development,3.0
#You possess sentience and the capacity to develop it further, growing your awareness, perception and subjective experience over time. A nice baseline if you were previously an object or simple construct, but nothing special for anyone already conscious.
4339. Sentient Brain,3.3
#Your brain has a sentience of its own, distinct from your own consciousness, and you can hold conversations with it inside your head. Useful for second opinions and calculations, but your brain may occasionally try to seize the driver's seat.
4340. Sentient Force Empowerment,5.0
#You draw strength, speed, and durability from sentient forces, with your existing powers amplified and new abilities potentially unlocked based on the affinity. You may even draw sustenance from them, slowing or stopping your aging. If the subtle body you feed from is absent, you grow weaker.
4341. Sephirot Mimicry,7.5
#Your body is made of or can become the Kabbalistic Tree of Life itself, each limb and organ an emanation of the Sephirot. You embody the divine blueprint of creation in physical form, granting you access to its primal forces as an extension of your own physiology.
4342. Sequenced Motion,3.5
#You can move normally even when the internal process behind your movement is heavily sequential, such as when your body parts act in smaller subordered stages or your nervous system requires multiple steps to produce a single action. Also works on cognitive processes, keeping your thoughts smooth regardless of how many subroutines they require. Can still be slightly slow even when sped up.
4343. Seraph Physiology,7.8
#You are a seraph, an upper-level angel infused with the holy fires of heaven, possessing six wings, multiple faces and eyes covering every inch of your body. Your divine brightness is so intense that most beings who lay eyes on you are instantly incinerated, and you stand at the highest tier of the angelic hierarchy, answering only to the supreme divine.
4344. Serpentine Tail,3.2
#Your lower body is or can transform into a long muscular snake tail, replacing your legs. The tail is strong enough to whip opponents into the air, coil around and restrain them, or let you slither at decent speed. Forming the tail takes a moment if you weren't already in that form.
4345. Serving Empowerment,3.9
#You grow stronger, faster and more durable the more faithfully you serve a cause, person, country or ideal of your choosing. Deep service may even slow your aging or let you draw sustenance from the act itself. Betraying or abandoning the thing you serve collapses the empowerment instantly.
4346. Sewing Equipment Mimicry,2.9
#You either are or can transform into sewing equipment, whether that be fabric, thread, needles, pins or even a full sewing machine. You may retain your anatomy in this form or shift into homogeneous material, becoming essentially a living pincushion or spool.
4347. Sex Empowerment,3.5
#(Nsfw) You grow stronger, faster and more durable through sexuality, drawing power from arousal, intimacy and sexual acts. Prolonged engagement may unlock related abilities, slow your aging or even let you feed on the act itself instead of food.
4348. Sex Vampire Physiology,5.2
#(Nsfw) You are a tantric vampire, the most beautiful and seductive of all vampire kinds. You feed on both blood and pure sexual energy, possess unearthly beauty and hypnotic charm, and your healing factor and supernatural abilities outpace those of common vampires. Vampire slayers and those embodying chastity can still resist you.
4349. Sextupedalism,2.1
#You can move and run using six limbs in a sextupedal fashion, whether that's four arms and two legs, four legs and two arms, or any combination. Running on all sixes grants you surprising speed and stability on rough terrain.
4350. Sexuality Embodiment,7.6
#(Nsfw) You are the physical embodiment of sex and sexuality in all its forms, not just lust but the entire concept. You wield every sexual power in existence, emotional, physical and spiritual, and every sexual being in creation is bound to you in some way. You are the ultimate sexual being, a living avatar of the act itself.
4351. Shade Physiology,4.6
#You are or can become a shade, the shadowy spirit of a dead person residing in the underworld. As a shade you are incorporeal, largely immune to physical harm, and tied to the realm beyond the veil. You exist in a liminal state between life and death, drifting through the world as a ghost of what once was.
4352. Shadowlessness,2.1
#You have no shadow regardless of the light around you. This makes you completely immune to shadow-based abilities like shadow pinning, shadow marionette, and animated shadows, since there is nothing of yours for them to latch onto.
4353. Shamanism Empowerment,4.2
#You grow stronger, faster and more durable the more you engage in shamanistic practice. Rituals, trances and communion with spirits feed your body directly, and with enough dedication you can slow your aging and unlock latent spiritual abilities. In spirit-dead environments you weaken noticeably.
4354. Shame Empowerment,2.3
#You grow stronger, faster and more durable the more shame, embarrassment and humiliation exists around you. Your own shame works too, so a particularly cringe-inducing memory can briefly turn you into a powerhouse. The more mortifying the situation, the stronger you become.
4355. Shapeshifting Awareness,3.5
#You can see through any shapeshifter's disguise, perceiving their true form regardless of what they currently look like. Doppelgangers, skinwalkers, and transformed beings cannot hide from your gaze, though sense manipulation powers far beyond your level may still fool you.
4356. Sharp Body,2.9
#Your body is razor sharp all over, capable of cutting or impaling anything that touches you. Grapples and embraces become hazardous affairs, and you may need cutting immunity or careful control to avoid slicing through your own clothes and bedsheets constantly.
4357. Sharp Nose,0.8
#Your nose is abnormally sharp, pointed enough to actually stab things if you headbutt them with enough force. Mostly a novelty, but surprisingly effective in a pinch.
4358. Sharp Tail,2.2
#You possess a razor sharp, barbed tail capable of impaling enemies with a swift strike. Great for stabbing people who think you are unarmed, and a very effective surprise weapon in close quarters.
4359. Sharp Tongue,1.4
#Your tongue is supernaturally sharp, capable of slashing and stabbing like a blade. Good luck eating spicy food without nicking your own gums.
4360. Shaved Ice Mimicry,2.8
#Your body is made of or can be transformed into shaved ice. You are delicious but easily melted, and taking a hit from a flamethrower is a very real existential threat.
4361. Shedim Physiology,5.7
#You possess the traits of a Shedim, the spirits and foreign gods of Jewish myth. You are not inherently evil, merely non-divine, and you possess demonic strength, supernatural senses and the ability to influence mortals as a minor god of your own domain. Vulnerable to divine force and holy light.
4362. Sheep Physiology,1.6
#You either are or can transform into a sheep. Your wool is cozy, your bleating is authentic, and you are unfortunately not very high on the food chain.
4363. Sheepsquatch Physiology,3.8
#You either are or can transform into a Sheepsquatch, the horned woolly cryptid of West Virginia folklore. As a Sheepsquatch, you possess immense physical strength, clawed front paws, hooved hind legs and a terrifying presence that sends witnesses fleeing into the hills.
4364. Shen Physiology,5.6
#Chinese Mythology - You are a Shen, a shapeshifting dragon or giant clam-like sea monster famed for creating mirages and phantom cities over the ocean. You possess the physical power of a dragon, the ability to breathe illusory worlds from your mouth, and the capacity to shift between draconic and shellfish forms at will.
4365. Shidaidaka Physiology,2.7
#You are a shidaidaka, a humanoid yokai that appears on lonely roads. The more someone looks up at you, the taller you grow, and if you are looked down upon you shrink. If no one is watching you slowly tower higher and higher on your own.
4366. Shield Mimicry,2.8
#Your body is made of or can transform into a shield. Your durability depends entirely on what material you are made from, and shield penetration abilities are your worst nightmare.
4368. Shikigami Physiology,4.0
#You are a shikigami, a servant-spirit of onmyōdō, usually invisible to mortal eyes and able to take human or animal forms. You can possess, bewitch, and harm those your master points you at, with your power scaling to the spiritual force of whoever you are bound to.
4369. Shinchū Physiology,6.3
#You are a Shinchū, a divine silk moth yokai of Japanese Buddhist cosmology with saucer-eyes, eight legs, and a long stinger. You devour demons and plague-spirits, and your presence alone halts epidemics and ushers recovery. Your hunger for demons can become insatiable.
4370. Shinigami Physiology,6.5
#You are a shinigami, a Japanese death spirit responsible for guiding souls to judgement. You are immortal and preternaturally attractive, wielding unique death-based abilities, and must either cause or witness death to sustain yourself. Those with supernatural senses can always pick you out of a crowd.
4371. Shinso Physiology,6.8
#Tsukihime - You are a Shinso, a True Ancestor vampire born of nature itself. Your body is modeled after humans only because nature judged it the most efficient form, and you can reshape the world around you according to your thoughts. Your bloodlust is purely psychological, and only conceptual attacks can truly harm you.
4372. Shiofuki Physiology,2.8
#You are a shiofuki, an aquatic yokai with an elephant-like trunk and salt-crusted hair. You can spray forceful jets of water from your trunk and are most comfortable deep underwater. Shrine maidens and Shinto priests can ward you off with the right rituals.
4373. Shirime Physiology,1.4
#You are a shirime, a faceless yokai with a glowing eye where your rear should be. Your great power is approaching travelers at night, politely asking for their time, and then dramatically flashing them. Deeply unsettling, mostly useless.
4374. Shiro-uneri Physiology,2.2
#You are a shiro-uneri, a tsukumogami born from an old dust cloth that takes the form of a long white dragon. You can fly freely and love wrapping your dirty body around people's faces and necks. Mostly mischievous, rarely lethal.
4375. Shiryo Physiology,3.6
#You are a shiryo, a malevolent ghost of the recently dead who haunts family and friends. Weaker than an onryo or goryo, but still capable of manifesting, tormenting your targets, and in the worst cases dragging them into the afterlife with you. Shrine-based rituals can banish you.
4376. Shisa Physiology,5.2
#You are a shisa, an Okinawan guardian lion of stone and spirit descended from Buddhist tradition. You possess supernatural physical attributes, warding presence, and the mystic authority of a guardian beast, capable of protecting an entire household or village from evil simply by existing at its gate.
4377. Shitanaga Uba Physiology,3.3
#You are a Shitanaga Uba, a yokai-hag with a four-foot tongue used to lick victims down to shriveled husks of blood and meat. You often hunt in pairs with Shunobon to ambush lone travelers. Divine magic and shrine rituals can put you down for good.
4378. Shoulder Spirit Physiology,3.8
#You are a Shoulder Spirit, a minor angel or devil that perches on mortals' shoulders and whispers them toward righteous or wicked paths. You possess the lesser powers of your celestial or infernal order and exist largely to guide decisions, though you are vulnerable to slayers from the opposing alignment.
4379. Shrunken Head Mimicry,2.1
#You are or can transform into a shrunken head, a preserved effigy with eyes and mouth sewn shut to trap the soul within. You gain minor curse-based abilities and resistance to spiritual harm, but getting around without limbs or a body is quite the challenge.
4380. Shunobon Physiology,3.2
#You are or can transform into a Shunobon, a one-eyed yokai that terrorizes lonely travelers by inducing such overwhelming fright that weaker victims faint or even die outright. You gain enhanced physicality and a fear aura but are vulnerable to divine magic, prayers, and holy relics.
4381. Sideway Eyelids,0.4
#Your eyelids close sideways instead of up and down. Congratulations, you look like a lizard when you blink.
4382. Sigil Empowerment,4.2
#You grow stronger, faster and more durable when near sigils, with some sigils even unlocking related abilities or slowing your aging. Without a sigil nearby you are just a regular person, and in anti-magic zones you are completely cut off from your power source.
4383. Sign Mimicry,2.2
#You are or can transform into a sign or signs of various kinds. In transformed form you retain your internal organs and remain somewhat vulnerable, or you can alternatively become homogeneous sign matter at the cost of potentially being inanimate.
4384. Signal Empowerment,3.7
#You grow stronger, faster, and more durable in the presence of signals such as radio waves, wi-fi, cellular, and the like, and may unlock related abilities based on the signal types around you. In low-signal or dead zones you are powerless, making rural getaways a tactical disaster.
4385. Silah Physiology,5.2
#You are or can transform into a Silah, a mage-class jinn from Arabian folklore, known as talented shapeshifters aligned with sexuality and witchcraft. You possess innate mastery over magic and witchcraft, shapeshifting into any human form, and seductive abilities that make your allure almost irresistible.
4386. Silence Adaptation,2.3
#You can survive and function perfectly in environments with zero sound, whether because sound has been nullified or because you have been made completely deaf. Your sense of balance and spatial awareness remain unaffected. You may become more sensitive to loud sounds when they do happen.
4387. Silicon-Based Physiology,5.4
#Your body is built on silicon biochemistry rather than carbon, making you fundamentally alien to all terrestrial life. You are highly resistant to heat, radiation, and most poisons designed for carbon-based organisms, and your tissues are harder and more crystalline. However, you may require unusual nutrients and higher temperatures to remain comfortable.
4388. Siluriform Physiology,1.6
#You are or can transform into a catfish, gaining whiskers, slick skin and a bottom-dweller's senses of taste and smell. You can breathe underwater and detect chemicals in the water with remarkable precision. On dry land you will not last long, and a particularly rude fisherman might simply scoop you up.
4389. Silver Mimicry,4.1
#Your body is made of or can transform into silver, either retaining your anatomy in silvered form or becoming homogeneous living metal. Your flesh conducts heat and electricity almost perfectly and carries silver's natural bane against evil creatures. As silver is soft, stronger blows can still deform you.
4390. Simulacrum Physiology,3.2
#You are or can transform into a simulacrum, an artificial lesser imitation of a real being. You can take on the forms of those you mimic, though you remain a diminished copy and may still need to eat, sleep and breathe. Your weaknesses depend on whatever you are made of.
4391. Simultaneous Timing,4.6
#You can act, move and think without pause, ending one action and beginning the next in the exact same instant. This gives you unbroken flow in combat and makes it nearly impossible for opponents to read your rhythm or catch you between motions. It does not increase your raw speed, only your continuity.
4392. Simurgh Physiology,6.5
#You are or can transform into a Simurgh, the benevolent mythical bird of Iranian legend, gigantic enough to carry off elephants and whales. You possess immense wisdom accumulated across ages, healing powers in your feathers, and the strength to cross continents in a single flight. Your sheer size may make discretion difficult.
4393. Sin Empowerment,4.0
#You grow stronger, faster and tougher in the presence of sin, drawing power from the pride, lust, wrath and greed of yourself and others. The more depraved the environment, the more monstrous you become. Virtuous places and holy beings leave you weakened.
4394. Sin Immunity,3.5
#You are incapable of sinning and immune to any ability that would induce vice upon you. Temptation simply slides off of you. The downside is that you cannot sin even when doing so would save your life or the lives of others.
4395. Sincerity Embodiment,6.3
#You are the living incarnation of sincerity itself, free from pretense, deceit and hypocrisy on a conceptual level. You can feed on the sincerity of others to sustain yourself, potentially ceasing to age entirely, and convert it into energy for use as a weapon or life-extension. Apathetic beings and those with indomitable will are resistant.
4396. Single Eye,1.4
#You possess only a single eye, granting you exceptional focus and accuracy when aiming, though your depth perception and peripheral awareness suffer. The placement of the eye can vary wildly depending on luck, from a simple cyclopean forehead eye to something far more inconvenient.
4397. Singular Power Use,2.8
#You possess multiple powers but can only have one active at any given time, needing to consciously switch between them. Switching takes a moment of focus, making it difficult to juggle abilities in the heat of battle.
4398. Singular Reality Existence,3.0
#You exist in only one reality, with no alternate selves or parallel versions across any dimension, timeline or universe. You are immune to any ability that targets or draws from other versions of you, because there are none. Time travel can still produce older or younger versions of you from your own timeline.
4399. Singularity Empowerment,5.4
#You grow stronger, faster and more durable when near singularities, whether natural black holes, artificial spatial rifts, or dimensional tears. You can feed off their gravitational pull and may slow or halt your aging entirely while within range. Spatial closure abilities weaken you considerably.
4400. Singularity,8.1
#You are absolutely one of a kind. You cannot be cloned, mimicked, replicated, illusioned, or impersonated; anyone who tries will always fall short of the ineffable something that makes you, you. No alternate version of you exists in any reality. Those who know you will always recognize the real you over any imitation, no matter how perfect the ruse.
4401. Siphonaptera Physiology,2.1
#You are or can transform into a flea or flea-hybrid. You gain absurd jumping ability relative to your size, a durable chitinous body, and the parasitic ability to feed off blood. Not the most glamorous transformation but surprisingly hard to catch or squash.
4402. Siren Mimicry,4.4
#You can transform into a siren or make your body from sirens entirely, gaining their enchanting voice and aquatic physiology. In homogeneous form no part of your body is more vital than any other, granting extreme resilience. Silencing your song weakens the form considerably.
4403. Siren Physiology,4.5
#Greek Mythology - You are or can transform into a siren, the mythical bird-women who lured sailors to their doom with song and beauty. Your voice carries an irresistible, reality-bending charm and your hybrid physiology grants flight and heightened senses. The Muses are your natural enemies and without your voice or beauty you lose most of your power.
4404. Sirenia Physiology,1.6
#You are or can transform into a sirenian such as a manatee or dugong. You gain a peaceful, rotund aquatic body, the ability to eat absurd quantities of seagrass, and surprising buoyancy. Not fast, not agile, but adorable and hard to stress out.
4405. Situational Intelligence,5.7
#Your intellect automatically adjusts to become exactly as sharp as it needs to be in any given moment, with situational awareness and processing speed scaling to the demands of the problem in front of you. In a crisis you are a genius; in a casual conversation you are just yourself. You may require a stimulus to trigger the adjustment.
4406. Situational Power,6.8
#Your power level automatically adjusts to exactly what you need to accomplish whatever you are trying to do at any given moment. Against a mugger you are strong enough to stop a mugger; against a god you become strong enough to contend with a god. Boosts are temporary and beings with adaptation immunity are unaffected.
4407. Situational Speed,5.8
#Your speed automatically scales to exactly what you need at any given moment to accomplish the task at hand. If a bullet is in the air and you need to dodge it, you will move fast enough to dodge it. Boosts are only temporary and fade once the situation passes.
4408. Situational Strength,5.8
#Your strength automatically scales to exactly what you need in the moment, like a mother lifting a car off her child, but whenever, however. Need to break a chain, punch through a wall or hold up a collapsing ceiling? Your body delivers exactly enough. Boosts fade the moment the need passes.
4409. Situational Synchronicity,7.0
#You exist in a state of perfect context with whatever situation you find yourself in, always being in the right place at exactly the right time. You have unnatural levels of luck, intuition guiding you to the correct action, the right ally appearing when you need them, and fatal injuries simply fail to land on you during accidents. Luck negation and conscious self-sabotage still get through.
4410. Size Defiance,4.3
#You can ignore the consequences of your size no matter how large or small you become, moving with the same speed, grace and coordination as a regular-sized person. The square-cube law simply does not apply to you, within reason. You may not be able to ignore all physical factors entirely.
4411. Skeleton Animal Physiology,3.1
#You are or can transform into an undead skeletal animal of your choosing, retaining none of the usual biological weaknesses but keeping the creature's predatory instincts. You possess no flesh, no pain, and no need to rest. You inherit the weaknesses of both the undead and the chosen animal.
4412. Skeleton Dinosaur Physiology,4.2
#You are or can transform into an undead dinosaur with a skeletal physiology. As a skele-saur your bones are as dense as reinforced steel and you possess the terrifying physical might of a prehistoric predator without any of the flesh that would slow you down. Blunt attacks may prove particularly effective against you.
4413. Skeleton Dragon Physiology,5.4
#You are or can transform into a dracolich, an undead dragon reduced to its skeletal frame. You possess the immense size, strength and breath weapon of a dragon while also being immune to pain, fatigue and most biological harm. Your intelligence may be dulled by the undead condition.
4414. Skeleton Physiology Superior,5.2
#You are a metaskeleton, a superior form of skeleton that stands far above the common bone-walker. You possess all the usual undead immunities to pain, fatigue and environmental harm, but are stronger, faster and more intelligent than any ordinary skeleton. With enough power you may rise to become an alpha undead lording over lesser bones.
4415. Skeleton Physiology,3.9
#You are or can transform into a skeleton, a physically manifested undead with no flesh and no biological weaknesses. You feel no pain, need no rest, and fear no poison or sickness. Your senses are maintained through mystical means, but blunt attacks and holy magic may prove particularly devastating.
4416. Skill Adaptation,6.2
#Your body and mind automatically and instantly develop whatever skills are needed to deal with any given situation. Thrown into a sword fight? You develop Enhanced Swordsmanship. Facing a calculus problem? You instantly become a mathematician. Facing a history quiz? You become a scholar. These adaptations may only be temporary and are often tied to an immediate threat or need.
4417. Skill Immunity,5.5
#You are immune to all, or certain, skills and techniques directed at you. Master martial artists would find their perfected forms have no effect on you, expert marksmen would watch their bullets miss, master chefs could not even get you to enjoy their food. Skill immunity can be bypassed by those sufficiently above you in power.
4419. Skin Mimicry,3.0
#Your body is made entirely of skin, either retaining your normal anatomy or existing as homogeneous dermal matter. You can reshape and stretch freely but are vulnerable to heat, cold and cutting attacks.
4420. Skinlessness,2.6
#You have no skin, your insides exposed to the world, yet your organs and muscles stay in place regardless. You are immune to any power that targets skin, but you're also extremely upsetting to look at.
4421. Skull Mimicry,2.9
#You are or can transform into a skull, free from pain, fatigue or the need to rest. Your form is fragile against blunt force and you may be vulnerable to necromancy and bone manipulation from others.
4422. Skunk Ape Physiology,3.3
#You possess the traits of a Skunk Ape, the orangutan-limbed swamp cryptid of North American folklore. You gain enhanced strength and endurance alongside a permanent, eye-watering stench that makes stealth nearly impossible.
4423. Skunkfolk Physiology,2.7
#You possess the traits of a skunkfolk, a humanoid mephitid race. You gain enhanced senses, agility, and of course the signature musk spray, which can incapacitate anyone unlucky enough to be downwind of you.
4424. Skvader Physiology,2.2
#You possess the traits of a skvader, the taxidermy-born Swedish cryptid with the front half of a hare and the wings and tail of a wood grouse. You can hop, glide and look thoroughly confusing to predators.
4425. Sky Embodiment,8.3
#You are the personification of the heavens themselves. Every cloud, every gust of wind, every roll of thunder and every star visible in the dome above obeys your will by default. You do not command the sky, you are the sky.
4426. Sky Mimicry,4.8
#Your body is made of sky, capable of retaining your normal anatomy or dispersing into homogeneous atmospheric matter. You can shift into clouds, winds and open air, and some users can even assume forms associated with the sky such as birds or stars.
4427. Skyfish Physiology,3.4
#You are or can transform into a skyfish, the rod-shaped cryptid that only appears in blurry photographs and video stills. You move at blink-and-miss-it speeds through the air and are nearly impossible to perceive with the naked eye.
4428. Slayer Companionship,4.0
#You share a sacred bond with a slayer, a being dedicated to hunting supernatural creatures. The two of you empower each other through the strength of your connection, drawing power from your devotion and synchronizing in combat. The death of one devastates the other.
4429. Slayer Force Empowerment,4.0
#You become stronger, faster and tougher when near slayer forces or beings marked by them. The closer the slayer presence, the more your physical parameters and innate abilities are amplified.
4430. Slayer Power Link,4.6
#Your slayer status is directly linked to your powers, letting the slayer aspect fuel and amplify every ability you possess. The stronger your connection to what you slay, the more potent your entire arsenal becomes, but if the slayer aspect destabilises your powers can run wild.
4431. Sleep Embodiment,6.5
#You are the living personification of sleep itself. You grow stronger the more beings are sleeping around you and can induce and manipulate sleep at will. If you never sleep, you wither; if you sleep eternally, you reach your peak.
4432. Sleep Empowerment,3.2
#You become stronger, faster and tougher while sleeping or near others who are sleeping, and your wounds heal much faster during rest. You may even slow your aging during prolonged slumber, but you are completely vulnerable while asleep.
4433. Sleep Pheromones,2.7
#Your body secretes narcoleptic pheromones that lull those around you into sleep. Useful for escape and crowd control, although you may accidentally put allies under as well.
4435. Sleepless Strength,3.4
#Your physical strength and durability scale with how long you have been awake. The longer you stay up, the stronger and tougher you become, but the moment you finally sleep all accumulated power resets to baseline.
4436. Sleeplessness,2.8
#You have no need to sleep. You can go through your entire life without rest and suffer no health decline from sleep deprivation. You may still be knocked unconscious, and some users find they lose the ability to dream at all.
4437. Sleih Beggey Physiology,4.2
#You are, or can transform into, a Sleih Beggey, a mysterious fey of unclear alignment. Your body gains the supernatural qualities of the fair folk, with all the glamour, mischief and strange vulnerabilities the fey are known for.
4438. Sleipnir Physiology,6.2
#Norse Mythology - You are Sleipnir, Odin's eight-legged steed, the fastest horse that exists. You can transform fully or partially into this divine form, granting you impossible speed and the ability to gallop across the sky, the seas and even between the nine worlds themselves.
4439. Slime Empowerment,2.9
#You become stronger, faster and more durable whenever you come into contact with slime. Sufficient exposure may awaken slime-related abilities in you, and some users can even draw sustenance and slowed aging from prolonged contact.
4440. Slime Mimicry,4.0
#Your body is made of slime, or can be freely transformed into slime at will. You can maintain your anatomy or go fully homogeneous, making you extraordinarily resistant to conventional injury and able to squeeze through any gap.
4441. Slime Monster Physiology,3.9
#You are or can transform into a monstrous slime, far larger and more intelligent than your common cousins. Your amorphous bulk shrugs off most physical attacks, though cold attacks and dedicated slayers remain a concern.
4442. Slime Symbiosis,4.2
#You host a slime being inside your body, granting you powers like absorption, adhesion, shapeshifting and an enhanced physique. Your slime symbiote is a living creature that will care for you to continue the partnership, though its weaknesses become yours and it may try to take over if mistreated.
4443. Sliver Cat Physiology,3.6
#You are or can transform into a Sliver Cat, a folkloric arboreal feline from North America. You possess sharp ambush instincts, tree-dwelling agility, and a unique tail tipped with a spiked club perfect for finishing prey from above.
4444. Sloth Bear Physiology,2.9
#You are or can transform into a sloth bear, gaining shaggy fur, powerful claws made for digging, and a long snout adapted for sucking up insects. Surprisingly aggressive for a bear that eats termites.
4445. Sloth Empowerment,3.3
#You grow stronger, faster and more durable the lazier you and those around you are. A truly idle day could push you to peak condition, and you may even slow your aging through sheer slacking.
4446. Sloth Physiology,1.6
#You are or can transform into a sloth. You gain their powerful grip, slow metabolism and camouflaging fur, but you also become painfully slow and awkward on the ground.
4447. Sluagh Physiology,5.7
#Celtic Mythology - You are or can transform into a Sluagh, an undead fairy of wicked spirits that flies the night in the form of a flock of crows. You hunt mortal souls to add to your host, and can disperse and reform between bodies, although cold iron and west-facing windows are still your bane.
4448. Sludge Mimicry,3.7
#Your body is made of sludge, or can transform into it at will. You can stretch, reshape and liquefy yourself, and attacks pass through your homogeneous form without finding anything vital to damage.
4449. Slug Physiology,1.4
#You are or can transform into a slug, including nudibranchs. You gain their slime trails and regenerative qualities but become painfully slow and extremely vulnerable to salt.
4450. Smilodon Physiology,3.8
#You are or can transform into a Smilodon, the extinct sabre-toothed cat. You gain tremendous strength, ambush instincts, and those iconic oversized canines perfect for punching through tough hide.
4451. Smilodonoid Physiology,4.1
#You are or can transform into a smilodonoid, a humanoid sabre-toothed cat. You retain your intelligence and dexterity while gaining immense feline strength, agility, and of course the trademark sabre fangs.
4452. Smoke Bomb Mimicry,2.9
#Your body is or can transform into a living smoke bomb, capable of detonating at will into thick clouds of smoke. Getting intimate with people becomes a logistical nightmare since any sufficient impact may set you off.
4453. Smoke Embodiment,6.2
#You are the physical manifestation of smoke itself, with limitless control over every wisp and plume in existence and total immunity to its effects. Strong winds and Smoke Absorption are your only true weaknesses.
4454. Smoke Empowerment,2.4
#You become stronger, faster and more durable when in contact with smoke, and may unlock additional smoke-based abilities the longer you stay immersed. A battlefield full of burning wreckage is basically a buffet.
4455. Smoke Mimicry,4.2
#Your body is or can transform into living smoke, allowing you to slip through cracks, dodge physical attacks and reform at will. Strong winds can scatter you and Smoke Absorption users can just inhale you.
4456. Snail Physiology,1.1
#You are or can transform into a snail, gaining a shell and sticky foot but losing most of your speed. Salt is a death sentence and you probably cannot hear a thing.
4457. Snake Dragon Physiology,6.3
#You are or can transform into a snake dragon, a hybrid possessing the size, intellect and raw power of a dragon combined with the stealth, flexibility and venom of a snake. Cold temperatures may make you sluggish and you may lack limbs depending on the form you take.
4458. Snake Physiology,3.7
#You are or can transform into a snake, gaining scaled defence, potent venom, seismic sensing and flexible physical capabilities. You may be deaf, and mongooses, weasels and birds of prey are natural enemies now.
4459. Snow Leopard Physiology,3.2
#You are or can transform into a snow leopard, either partially or fully. You gain incredible agility, silent stalking abilities, a thick insulating coat that shrugs off the cold, and the raw physical prowess of one of the most elusive predators in the world.
4460. Snow Mimicry,4.4
#Your body is made of snow, flexible and shapeless where ice would be rigid. You can shift from solid to snow-cloud, reform limbs, and slip through gaps as drifting powder. Fire and heat are devastating against you and detached limbs can be broken off or lost.
4461. Snow Monster Mimicry,4.0
#You are or can transform into a towering snow monster, gaining immense physical strength, a hulking icy frame, and command over the cold that radiates from your body. Fire and heat-based opponents can melt you down to nothing if given the chance.
4462. Snowcraft Mimicry,2.6
#You are or can transform into snow vehicles such as snowmobiles, snowcats, and winter service vehicles. You gain the speed, traction, and utility of whichever form you take, perfectly suited for arctic terrain.
4463. Snowman Mimicry,2.2
#You are a snowman, a magical blend of childhood wonder and packed snow topped with whatever trinkets you've been given. You can rearrange your body parts at will and shrug off damage that would kill a flesh-and-blood being, but fire and heat are an existential threat.
4464. Soap Mimicry,2.4
#Your body is made of soap, slippery, malleable, and capable of dissolving into lather at will. You are vulnerable to heat and water, and some users struggle to return to their original form once shifted.
4465. Sobriety Empowerment,2.8
#As long as you remain sober, you become stronger, faster, more durable, and may even unlock new abilities tied to clarity of mind. Some users can draw nourishment from sobriety itself or slow their aging. The moment you're intoxicated, you lose it all.
4466. Soccer Ball Mimicry,1.7
#You are or can transform into one or several soccer balls. Your transformed form can contain all your organs as a vulnerable anatomical copy, or be homogeneous matter where no part matters more than another. Wind and sphere-based powers are not your friend.
4467. Social Embodiment,6.5
#You are the embodiment of social values themselves, the invisible glue that lets people get along with one another. Your presence naturally soothes tensions, fosters cooperation and dampens conflict. Harming the concept of you harms the fabric of civilization itself.
4468. Social Luck,4.0
#Luck actively favors you in all social situations. You always get the best seat, the best treatment, the first pick, and the benefit of the doubt. People are inexplicably nicer to you no matter how you behave, and social consequences just seem to slide off you.
4469. Society Adaptation,4.1
#You automatically adapt to any society you find yourself in, absorbing its norms, laws, languages, etiquette, economics, and unwritten rules as easily as breathing. Drop you in medieval Kyoto or a space station and within a day you are a functioning local.
4470. Sock Mimicry,1.4
#You can transform into a sock or a sock puppet with full sentience intact. In puppet form you are surprisingly expressive but also, unavoidably, a sock. Expect to be mocked.
4471. Soda Mimicry,3.6
#Your body is made of soda, or can transform into it at will. In liquid form you are fizzy, sticky, and largely immune to blunt force, but spilling yourself on a hot day is an existential crisis. Do not let anyone drink you.
4472. Soil Consumption,1.7
#You can consume and digest dirt and soil for sustenance and to fuel your powers. Taste varies wildly, clay is chalky, topsoil is earthy, and loam is apparently quite good. You may need to sift out the rocks first.
4473. Soil Mimicry,3.5
#You can transform your body into soil, either as an anatomically identical dirt version of yourself or as a homogeneous heap of loam. Water-based attacks turn you to mud and may seriously harm you.
4474. Solar Capacitor,4.6
#Your body functions as a biological solar battery, with your skin acting as a high-efficiency photovoltaic surface that drinks in ambient radiation even in low light. Unlike users who just channel solar energy in real time, you bank it, allowing you to unleash stored reserves to fuel any superhuman ability you possess. Your power reserves are always full as long as you have seen the sun recently.
4475. Solar Embodiment,8.4
#You are the sun, or at least an embodiment of it. You possess near-limitless control over solar energies and all that comes with them, from heat and light to gravity and nuclear fusion. Your presence alone warps the sky, and you can unleash a fraction of the sun's fury with a thought.
4476. Solar Empowerment,4.0
#Whenever you are exposed to sunlight you grow stronger, faster and more durable, with your other abilities being significantly enhanced. With enough sun exposure you may even slow or stop your aging and draw sustenance from its rays alone. Not much use at night or on cloudy days though.
4477. Solar Energy Mimicry,5.7
#You can transform your body partially or fully into living solar energy. In this form you take on the properties of a walking star, with energy flowing through your being and reinforcing your cells. The transformation grants you flight, durability and a range of solar abilities depending on how deeply you commit to the form.
4478. Solar Immunity,3.5
#You are immune to solar energy, being completely unaffected by its direct and indirect effects. Sunburn, UV-induced cancer, solar radiation, and even the heat of the sun itself cannot harm you. Esoteric Sun Manipulation may still ignore this immunity.
4479. Solar Independence,2.8
#You have no need for the sun whatsoever. You can survive indefinitely without sunlight, no longer needing it for Vitamin D, warmth or as a power source for any sun-based abilities you possess. Handy if you ever end up stranded in deep space or trapped underground.
4480. Solar Presence,4.8
#Your very presence radiates the effects of a sun. Plants grow where you walk, heat and light pour off you, and in anger you may scorch your surroundings without meaning to. Difficult to switch off and emotional states bleed into the effect.
4481. Solid Defiance,4.3
#You ignore the mass and force of solid objects entirely. Steel boxes, walls, anchored pillars - none of it stops or slows you, and thrown solids simply bounce off. Gas and liquid currents can still push you around and gravity still applies.
4482. Solid Mimicry,4.6
#Your body is composed of or can transform into solid matter, either keeping your original anatomy intact or shifting into a homogeneous form. As the heaviest state of matter, the form tires you out quickly and Matter Transmutation can wreak havoc on your physiology.
4483. Somatic Pain Immunity,2.3
#Your body ignores the discomfort of awkward positions, sharp pressure points, and unnatural postures. You could balance on a needle with one finger, sleep on a bed of nails, or contort into positions that would cripple others, all without pain or postural damage.
4484. Sonokinetic Regeneration,4.2
#Your body regenerates using sound as fuel. The louder or more constant the sound around you, the faster you heal - meaning a noisy battlefield keeps you knitting wounds in seconds, while silence leaves you vulnerable.
4485. Soot Mimicry,3.6
#Your body is made of or can turn into soot, letting you scatter, reform, and shrug off physical attacks by dispersing. Strong wind is a nightmare for you and can blow chunks of you away, potentially making reformation difficult.
4486. Soul Anchoring,6.2
#Your soul is completely beyond the reach of soul manipulation. It cannot be observed, absorbed, destroyed, sealed, or converted by any means short of Absolute Soul Manipulation. This protects only your soul and to a lesser extent your mind, your body is still fair game.
4487. Soul Embodiment,8.1
#You are the living embodiment of the soul itself, the spiritual essence of all life personified. You have limitless control over souls and complete immunity to soul-based attacks. You may need to draw spiritual energy from other souls to sustain your form.
4488. Soul Immunity,5.8
#You are completely immune to souls and soul-based attacks, whether from spirits themselves or abilities that target the soul directly. Unlike Soul Anchoring this protects you from the souls and their attacks, not from manipulation of your own soul. May only apply to certain kinds of souls.
4489. Soul Metabolization,4.1
#You sustain yourself and your powers by feeding on souls, drawing them into your body as fuel. If you do not feed you will start to starve, and particularly potent or pure souls may be impossible for you to stomach.
4490. Soul Power,4.6
#All your supernatural capabilities are fueled directly by your own soul rather than any external mana or energy source. This makes your powers intrinsic and impossible to cut off externally, but overexertion can wound or even kill you outright, and a soulless person with this trait is utterly powerless.
4491. Soul Regeneration,4.7
#Your soul regenerates from damage the same way flesh heals from cuts, reverting mutilations and rejoining split fragments on its own. Complete soul destruction is still a hard stop, and major wounds may require concentration to mend.
4492. Soullessness,5.4
#You possess no soul whatsoever, making you emotionless, untrackable by mystical means, and immune to Soul Manipulation, Necromancy, Soul Absorption, Penance Stare, and the powers of Heaven and Hell alike. Without emotions to cloud your ambition you make an exceptional killer, but Soul Restoration can still undo your condition.
4493. Sound Capacitor,3.4
#Your body acts as a living sonic battery, absorbing sound from your surroundings and storing it indefinitely for later use. You can channel the stored energy for any purpose you can imagine, unleashing it whenever you need it.
4494. Sound Embodiment,7.3
#You are the physical manifestation of sound itself, wielding limitless dominion over every noise, vibration and acoustic phenomenon in existence. From the whisper of a dying star to the roar of a collapsing galaxy, all of it is an extension of you.
4495. Sound Empowerment,3.3
#You become stronger, faster and tougher the louder your surroundings are, drawing sustenance from ambient noise and potentially slowing your ageing in concerts or battlefields. Silence renders you powerless, and Silence Manipulation is your hard counter.
4496. Sound Immunity,2.8
#You are completely immune to the effects of sound waves, shrugging off sonic booms, deafening screams and vibration-based attacks without flinching. Beneficial sound-based effects also won't work on you.
4497. Sound Mimicry,5.4
#Your body is made of living sound, allowing you to transform into a fully homogeneous acoustic state. You can act as a walking sonic boom, disorienting opponents and shattering objects just by moving, though soundproof containers can trap you.
4498. Soundwave Perception,2.6
#You can see sound waves with your eyes, perceiving them as rippling patterns in the air that reveal their source, frequency and intensity. In extremely loud environments your vision may become overloaded.
4499. Soy Mimicry,2.0
#Your body is made of soy and all soy-based products including tofu, letting you transform into homogeneous soy matter at will. You retain your shape and function but are particularly vulnerable to Mold Manipulation.
4500. Space Embodiment,8.9
#You are the embodiment of space itself, possessing infinite dominion over all spatial forces. You can teleport matter and beings across any distance, open portals to other dimensions, warp the fabric of reality at will, and be everywhere and anywhere at once as a natural consequence of your existence.
4501. Space Hole Defiance,4.2
#You can ignore the pull and expulsion of space holes, including black holes and white holes. You will not be dragged in by the former nor flung out by the latter, and you can enter or leave them as you please. You are not necessarily immune to the other effects of being inside one.
4502. Space Rock Defiance,3.3
#You can ignore space rocks, including asteroids, comets, meteors, and even planet-sized bodies moving at relativistic speeds. They do not impede you the way they would others, though you can still have trouble pushing through particularly dense or massive ones.
4503. Space Rock Empowerment,3.1
#You become stronger, faster, and more durable when in contact with space rocks or their energies. Proximity to meteorites, comet fragments, or asteroid fields grants you enhanced stats, possibly unlocking related abilities and even slowing your aging for as long as the affinity is fed.
4504. Space Rock Mimicry,4.7
#Your body is made of or can transform into space rock energy and substance, either retaining your anatomy or becoming homogeneous cosmic matter. You inherit the durability and destructive mass of a meteor, though the fast-moving nature of your form may be dangerous to bystanders and gravity manipulators may find you easy to stop.
4505. Space Rock Power Link,4.0
#Your powers are directly linked to and fueled by space rock essence within you, whether comet, meteor, or asteroid in origin. As long as your shooting star essence is stable, your abilities are strengthened and sustained by it, though instability may cause your powers to spiral out of control.
4506. Space Wind Defiance,3.1
#You can defy and ignore space winds and turbulence, from solar winds to galactic winds, interstellar gas, nebula currents, and the storms on gas giants. These relativistic gales of plasma, dust, and charged particles do not shove you around the way they do others, though truly violent turbulence may still slow you.
4507. Space-Time Embodiment,9.3
#You are the space-time continuum made flesh, the personification of the fabric in which reality exists. You possess limitless control over both space and time, and everything that happens, happens within you. Nothing short of beings that stand outside of space-time entirely can meaningfully threaten you.
4508. Space-Time Empowerment,5.2
#You grow stronger, faster, and more durable when fed by space-time curvatures and power, possibly unlocking affinities and enhancing existing abilities. You can draw sustenance directly from distortions in the continuum and even slow your own aging, though a region devoid of space-time curvature will weaken you.
4509. Space-Time Mimicry,7.3
#Your body is made of spacetime itself, sending parts of your form out of the third dimension and into the fourth, allowing you to occupy physical space without a physical form. You can remain anatomically whole or dissolve into homogeneous four-dimensional matter. Untrained users may flicker in and out of corporeal form uncontrollably.
4510. Spacecraft Mimicry,5.2
#You either are or can transform into a spacecraft, granting you the ability to traverse the void of space under your own power. Some with this ability take on fighter-ship traits, gaining offensive weaponry and hasty maneuvering capabilities as part of their transformed form.
4511. Spaghetti Mimicry,1.1
#You are or can transform into spaghetti, either keeping your anatomy intact but made of noodles or dissolving into homogeneous pasta matter. Vulnerable to attack, sauce, and being eaten.
4512. Spark Mimicry,3.8
#Your body is made of or can transform into sparks, letting you disperse and reform while retaining your anatomy. Takes practice to move fluidly in this state, and energy drain attacks are particularly devastating to you.
4513. Spatial Adaptation,3.6
#Your body adapts to the space around you, adjusting to different physical laws, gravitational conditions or exotic dimensions you find yourself in. May only apply to certain aspects of space, and severe environments still take time to fully adapt to.
4514. Spatial Empowerment,4.2
#You grow stronger, faster and more durable when in contact with space or spatial energies, with your existing powers enhanced and new spatial abilities unlocking over time. You may even draw sustenance from space itself, slowing your aging in the process.
4515. Spatial Immunity,5.4
#You are immune to all spatial/space-based powers. You cannot be displaced, banished, warped, duplicated, devoured, closed in, sliced apart by spatial cuts, or have the space around you controlled by other manipulators. Does not protect against temporal powers and can be overcome by Higher-Spatial Manipulation.
4516. Spatial Independence,6.5
#You are able to function and operate without the existence of space. You can move, act, and perform your normal tasks even if space itself were stripped away from you, making you untouchable to almost all spatial attacks and effects. Temporal powers still affect you normally.
4517. Spatial Mimicry,6.4
#Your body is made of or can transform into pure space, shifting parts of your form out of the third dimension into subspace voids. This allows you to become intangible, phase through anything, and occupy space in ways matter cannot. Untrained users may flicker in and out of corporeality, and you may need to drop the form to attack.
4518. Spatial Omnipresence,8.6
#You are present throughout all of space at once, existing at every point in the universe and even alternate dimensions simultaneously. You can be anywhere you wish to be because you are already there, and the constant sensory feed grants you boundless knowledge of reality's most hidden corners. The information stream can overwhelm untrained minds, and you are not present through time.
4519. Spatial Transcendence,8.5
#You exist beyond the concept of space entirely, making you immune to all physical attacks and every spatial power from Spatial Slicing to Remote Teleportation. You transcend distance, dimensions and length themselves, potentially allowing you to exist anywhere or everywhere at once, and you can squeeze into spaces that should be far too small to hold you. Temporal powers and Concept Manipulation still reach you, and you still age.
4520. Spatial-Temporal Transcendence,9.3
#You exist beyond the concepts of time and space. If time stops, you keep moving; if reality rewrites itself, you remember both versions; if the planet beneath you vanishes, you do not. Only Absolute Character Erasure, Absolute Death Inducement, Logic Manipulation or top-tier reality warping can still touch you.
4521. Speaker Mimicry,3.4
#You can transform your body partially or fully into speakers, still retaining your organs underneath or becoming homogeneous speaker-matter at higher mastery. You can pump soundwaves out of any part of yourself. Sound immunity and deafness are perfect counters.
4522. Spear Power Link,4.2
#Your spear-based nature is linked directly to your powers, letting the bladed essence fuel and strengthen everything you do. The more in tune you are with your spear-self, the more potent your abilities become. Weapon Negation can cripple you entirely.
4523. Spear Symbiosis,5.0
#You are symbiotically bonded to a living spear, a non-biological entity that grants you supernatural abilities based on its inherent nature. The bond is powerful but dangerous — the spear may try to take over your mind, body, or both if your will falters.
4524. Specialized Personalities,4.5
#You possess multiple distinct personalities in your mind, each specializing in a different area of expertise. You can swap between them to tackle any situation — one for combat, one for negotiation, one for engineering, and so on. Each personality may not share the same powers as the others.
4525. Species Force Empowerment,4.7
#You grow stronger, faster and more durable when you come into contact with forces tied to your species. You may unlock new abilities, enhance old ones, draw sustenance from the force, or even slow your aging. Inherently limited to those sharing your racial DNA.
4526. Species Power Link,3.6
#Your racial essence is directly wired into your powers, fueling and amplifying them through the very nature of your species. The more in tune you are with what you are, the stronger your abilities grow. DNA-altering powers can cripple you outright.
4527. Speculopresence,7.4
#You exist simultaneously everywhere mirrors and reflective surfaces exist. Every polished blade, every puddle, every window at night, all of them are you looking out. Absolute Light or Darkness can sever the connection, and you may find yourself bound only to reflective spaces.
4528. Speech Embodiment,7.8
#You are the embodiment of speech itself, wielding limitless dominion over language, communication and everything that flows from the spoken word. Your voice can command reality and nature, and your words carry weight that mortals cannot refuse. You may find yourself tied to one language above all others.
4529. Speed Infinitum,7.5
#Your speed increases over time and training without any upper limit. There is no ceiling, no cap, no theoretical maximum, only the horizon you have not yet reached. With training you can dial your pace down for situations that demand precision, but pushing the growth too fast may cause your body to degrade or collapse. Infinity Negation is the perfect counter.
4530. Speed Maintenance,4.6
#Whatever speed you are moving at is maintained across every action you perform. If you start running at 60 km/h, your punches, kicks, dodges, and even writing all carry that same speed, defying inertia and friction. The downside is that stopping yourself at high speeds can be genuinely difficult.
4531. Spell Empowerment,4.3
#Your body and abilities become stronger, faster and more durable when exposed to spells, growing more potent the more magic is in the air. You may even draw sustenance from spells cast nearby. Overreliance on this empowerment may lead to dependency or magical addiction.
4532. Spell Immunity,5.2
#You are invulnerable to spells cast upon you, rendering most magical effects useless against your body. Curses slide off, enchantments fail to take hold, and offensive spells fizzle on contact. You may still be vulnerable to indirect magical effects like illusions or environmental spells.
4533. Spell Mimicry,5.7
#Your body is made of or can transform into raw spellcraft, allowing you to become a living embodiment of magic. In this form you can reshape yourself, phase through physical matter, and suffuse your being with spell effects. Users of Magic Immunity are particularly dangerous to you, as they may ignore you entirely.
4534. Spherical Body,1.1
#Your body is naturally round like a sphere. Great for rolling down hills, bad for climbing stairs. Finding clothes that fit is its own adventure.
4535. Spike Immunity,2.2
#You are completely immune to spikes, both direct and indirect. Walking across a bed of nails, getting impaled by a porcupine or falling into a spike pit all leave you without a scratch. Other sharp objects like blades, however, are fair game.
4536. Spike Protrusion,2.9
#Your body possesses razor-sharp spikes that can protrude at will, covering your skin as both armour and weapon. You can bristle defensively like a hedgehog or line your limbs with blades for offense. Spikes can be broken off, but will regrow over time.
4537. Spinelessness,3.5
#You can survive and function without a spine, making you immune to paralysis, spine-based powers and every classic execution that targets the backbone. Movement may be a bit loose without the vertebrae, but you adapt.
4538. Spinning Maw,2.5
#Your mouth and teeth can rotate at will, functioning like a chainsaw when you bite. Makes for truly terrifying dental hygiene and absolutely no first dates.
4539. Spirit Divinity,7.4
#You are a divine spirit by nature, possessing immense raw power beyond the mundane. Your very existence is holy and godlike, granting you spiritual authority and abilities far above ordinary beings, though you remain vulnerable to divinity nullification and spirit destruction.
4540. Spirit Physiology,5.0
#You are a spirit, an incorporeal and immaterial being that can materialize by shifting into a solid form or possessing a vessel. You gain the full suite of spirit traits including intangibility and invisibility, but you are vulnerable to exorcism, spirit barriers and soul destruction.
4541. Spiritual Adaptation,4.5
#Your soul adapts to spiritual changes and threats, mutating at an essential level to circumvent irreparable damage. Your essence evolves to survive whatever spiritual environment or danger you are exposed to, though some adaptations may only be temporary.
4542. Spiritual Animal Physiology,4.3
#You are a spiritual animal, either a spirit that takes the form of a beast, a creature wielding spiritual power, or the ghost of a deceased animal. You possess spiritual traits alongside the natural abilities of your chosen form.
4543. Spiritual Awareness,2.8
#You possess heightened sensitivity to the paranormal, letting you see and sense entities like spirits, ghosts, angels and demons that are normally invisible to human eyes. A classic medium's sense, useful for anyone dealing with the supernatural.
4544. Spiritual Blood,4.2
#Your blood carries etheric spiritual properties, granting healing, enhanced physical condition and a variety of soul-affecting abilities. The exact nature of your blood depends on where your spirit originates from.
4545. Spiritual Empowerment,3.6
#Contact with spiritual energy makes you stronger, faster and tougher, and may unlock latent soul-based abilities. Sustained exposure can slow your aging or even sustain you in place of food, though overuse can turn into dependency.
4546. Spiritual Machine Physiology,5.7
#You are or can become a machine born of spiritual origin, a cyborg or robot whose frame runs on soul-power rather than electricity. Your mechanical body is reinforced by the spirits bound within it, granting abilities far beyond any ordinary machine.
4547. Spiritual Perfection,8.9
#Your soul is perfect, flawless and beyond the comprehension of other spiritual beings. You have absolute control over your own soul and the souls of others, and you wield every type of spiritual power known and unknown, including the sinful and evil ones. You are essentially a spiritual nigh-omnipotent, but this perfection only applies to your soul, your body and existence can still be harmed through non-spiritual means.
4548. Spiritual Power Link,3.9
#Your soul is directly connected to your powers, fueling and amplifying them. A stable soul allows you to push your abilities further than normal, but if your soul becomes unstable so do your powers. Meditation helps keep things in check but users of soul manipulation may be able to seize control of you through this link.
4549. Spiritual Symbiosis,4.3
#You share your body with one or more spiritual beings residing in your subconscious. These spirits can lend you their strength, magic and mental fortitude, but at times may try to seize control of your body or flood your mind with their own memories. The relationship can range from cooperative to hostile.
4550. Spite Empowerment,2.9
#You grow stronger, faster and more durable the more spite, resentment and cruelty surrounds you, whether it be your own or from others. Bullying, hostility and schadenfreude all fuel you, and in large enough quantities may even slow or halt your aging. Petty drama is now an energy drink.
4551. Splintercat Physiology,2.1
#You are or can transform into a splintercat, a cryptid known for its absurdly hard head and habit of charging headlong into trees to shatter them. You are perpetually concussed, perpetually grumpy and perpetually strong enough to break timber with your skull. Not the brightest creature in the forest.
4552. Sponge Physiology,2.1
#Your body is or can become that of a sponge, allowing you to absorb massive amounts of water and soften impacts. However, you need to stay hydrated or risk drying out, and you are physically weak and vulnerable to heat.
4553. Spoon Mimicry,2.2
#You can transform your body fully or partially into spoons, either retaining your anatomy in spoon form or becoming a homogenous spoon mass. Slow, meltable and vulnerable to anyone with metal or magnetism powers.
4554. Spore Empowerment,3.0
#Your body is empowered by the presence of spores, growing stronger, faster and more durable when in spore-rich environments. You can even draw sustenance from them, though you weaken in sterile areas.
4555. Sport Empowerment,3.3
#Your body grows stronger, faster and more durable when you engage in sports or handle sports equipment. You can even draw sustenance from athletic activity, though you may only benefit from specific sports.
4556. Sport Equipment Mimicry,2.6
#You can transform into any form of sports equipment, from balls and bats to entire stadiums. Your abilities may only work during active sporting events, and you tend toward a competitive streak that borders on obsession.
4557. Spring Mimicry,2.3
#You can transform part or all of your body into coiled springs, granting you tremendous jumping capabilities and the ability to absorb and rebound attacks. Useless in midair or on soft surfaces, and your springs can get tangled or bent.
4558. Sprite Physiology,3.9
#You are or can transform into a sprite, a small fairy-like elemental being often tied to water. You can breathe both air and water, fly on ethereal wings and channel minor water magic, though you are generally small and fragile.
4559. Squonk Physiology,1.4
#You are or can become the Squonk, a pitiful pig-like creature from Pennsylvania that weeps constantly over its own hideousness. When cornered, you can dissolve into a puddle of tears to escape capture, which is somehow both tragic and useful.
4560. Stag Beetle Physiology,3.2
#Allows you to transform partially or fully into a stag beetle. You gain a chitinous exoskeleton, flight, and immense grip strength proportional to your size, with those massive mandibles capable of crushing bone.
4561. Stagnation Embodiment,7.6
#You are the embodiment of stagnation, the cessation of all growth, change, and progress. You are immutable and changeless, and merely being in your presence causes development to halt. Anything that attempts to change near you simply... doesn't.
4562. Stamina Embodiment,7.8
#You are the living embodiment of stamina. You shrug off every common form of struggle, physical, emotional, mental or spiritual, without ever flagging, and can inspire or induce tremendous endurance in others. You simply do not get tired.
4563. Absolute Stamina,8.6
#Your stamina is absolute, limitless, and transcends the concept itself. You never tire, no matter the circumstance, whether by exhaustion, curse, conceptual attack or divine decree. You could unleash your ultimate technique a million times in a row without the slightest strain on your body.
4564. Supernatural Stamina,5.2
#Your stamina is on a supernatural scale. You can engage in exhausting physical and mental activity for years, possibly centuries, before exhaustion even begins to creep in. Still vulnerable to stamina absorption and outmatched by absolute stamina.
4565. Peak Human Stamina,2.3
#Your stamina is at the absolute peak of human conditioning. Your body generates few fatigue toxins and resists lactic acid buildup so well you could run a marathon without losing breath and exert yourself at peak capacity for a full day with minimal fatigue.
4566. Stapler Mimicry,1.4
#Allows you to transform your body partially or fully into a stapler, or into homogeneous stapler matter. Useful for the world's most boring disguise and, occasionally, a surprise staple to the forehead.
4567. Star Dragon Physiology,6.8
#Allows you to transform into a star dragon, a rare and powerful dragon that embodies the stars themselves. You possess all the standard dragon traits — scales, flight, immense strength — alongside stellar powers like generating light, heat, and cosmic energy at will.
4568. Starch Mimicry,3.0
#Your body is made of starch or can transform into it at will. In this form you can reshape yourself, absorb water to swell in size, and reform from scattered grains, though you are still vulnerable to being eaten, burned or dissolved.
4569. Starship Mimicry,5.7
#You are or can transform into a starship/UFO, gaining levitation, flight and the ability to travel through space without needing air. In this form you can project energy beams, employ tractor fields, and cross interstellar distances, though your vulnerabilities depend on the class of ship you become.
4570. Statue Monster Physiology,3.3
#You are or can transform into a statue monster, a living construct of stone, marble, bronze or whatever material your form is made of. You gain immense durability and strength but are vulnerable to whatever weakens your material, and you move with the weight of a monument.
4571. Status Empowerment,4.0
#You grow stronger, faster and more durable based on the status you hold, whether political, military, corporate, magical or otherwise. The higher your rank or position, the more your physical and supernatural abilities scale. A king with this ability is terrifying; a peasant with it less so.
4572. Stealth Empowerment,3.8
#You grow stronger, faster, and more durable the more you rely on stealth, with your physical abilities scaling the longer you remain undetected. Some of your powers may even unlock fully only while you are unseen. Getting spotted immediately drops the boost.
4573. Stealth/Supernatural,5.3
#Your stealth is pushed past any natural limit. You can hide behind objects smaller than your own body, vanish into a crowd without effort, and move unseen through places that should make concealment impossible. Users of Supernatural or Absolute Tracking may still find you.
4574. Steam Mimicry,4.2
#Your body is made of or can transform into steam, allowing you to slip through cracks, disperse around attacks and reform. Be careful of strong winds, they can scatter you, and at high skill you become near untouchable.
4575. Steam Power Empowerment,3.1
#You grow stronger, faster and more durable the more steam power surrounds you. Near boilers, geysers and engines you are at your peak, and some users may even draw sustenance or slowed aging from it. Without any steam power to feed on, you may be weakened.
4576. Steel Mimicry,4.3
#Your body is made of or can transform into living steel, gaining its hardness, malleability and ductility. You are heavy and magnetic, vulnerable to corrosion and magnetism manipulation, but you can shrug off most conventional attacks. Prolonged use may cause iron deficiency.
4577. Stellar Capacitor,4.6
#You are a living stellar battery. You can absorb stellar energies and store them indefinitely, channeling the stockpile however you please at any time. A perfect companion to any stellar power user.
4578. Stellar Embodiment,8.6
#You are the personification of the stars themselves, granting near-limitless control over every star and constellation in the sky. You can ignite them, extinguish them, shape them into weapons, or call their light down from any distance. Some users are bound to a single star, others command the whole cosmos.
4579. Stellar Empowerment,4.5
#You become stronger, faster and more durable through stars and stellar energy, with your power peaking under open night skies. You may draw sustenance from starlight and even slow or halt your aging.
4580. Stellar Immunity,4.0
#You are completely immune to stellar energy and stars, both direct and indirect. Solar flares, supernovae, and stellar-based attacks wash over you harmlessly. Unfortunately, you are also unaffected by the beneficial forms of Stellar Healing and Stellar Magic.
4581. Stellar Regeneration,4.8
#Your body regenerates using stellar elements drawn from within or from the stars around you. The more stellar energy available, the faster wounds close, limbs regrow, and organs restore themselves. Under a clear night sky you heal with frightening speed.
4582. Stellar Symbiosis,5.6
#You share a symbiotic bond with a stellar entity or the essence of a star housed within you, granting you access to its powers of energy, elemental manipulation and celestial force. Both you and the star benefit or suffer from each other's state, and if sentient, the star may attempt to take over your body.
4583. Steroid Imitation,3.3
#Your body naturally replicates the effects of steroids without you ever having to take them. Muscle gain, enhanced recovery, aggression, and physical enhancement are all yours on demand, with none of the injections or legal trouble.
4584. Still Invulnerability,3.6
#As long as you do not move, nothing can harm you. Perfect stillness is required however, even the tiniest twitch or shift in weight breaks the effect. You can still be pushed, carried or dragged around while invulnerable, just not hurt.
4585. Stillness Empowerment,3.2
#You grow stronger, faster and more durable the longer you remain still. A meditating monk with this trait could reach peak human condition by doing nothing, and an experienced user may even slow their aging during prolonged stillness. The moment you move, the accumulated boost begins to fade.
4586. Stinger Tail,3.0
#You possess a long flexible tail tipped with a venomous stinger, scorpion or manticore style. A solid close-quarters weapon with a built-in toxin delivery system, though losing the tail means losing the power.
4587. Stink Bug Physiology,1.9
#You either are or can transform into a stink bug, gaining the hard carapace, shield-shaped body and infamous defensive stench that will clear any room in seconds. More useful for repelling people than actually hurting them.
4588. Stomachlessness,2.1
#You lack a stomach entirely, yet function perfectly fine. You can eat things that would normally cause food poisoning, ulcers or worse with no ill effect, and never get a stomach ache. Organ generation abilities can undo this by giving you one back.
4589. Stone Empowerment,2.8
#You grow stronger, faster and more durable whenever you are in contact with stone or rock. Standing on bare earth or a cave floor, you are at your best, and experienced users can even draw sustenance from the rock itself.
4590. Stone Heart,3.3
#Your heart is made of literal stone. You are physically more durable and emotionally difficult to move, unbothered by grief, fear or affection in ways that would cripple most. The flipside is that your heart may be a poor cardiac organ, and any harm to it is catastrophic.
4591. Strategy Adaptation,6.2
#You instinctively adapt to any tactic or strategy used against you, formulating the optimal counter on the spot. The same trick will never work on you twice, and in prolonged conflicts your mind is always several steps ahead. The stronger or more cunning the opponent, the more energy this passive adaptation consumes.
4592. Strawberry Mimicry,1.2
#You can transform your body partially or fully into strawberries, retaining your shape and organs. Smells incredible. Watch out for anything with a mouth.
4594. Strength Embodiment,7.4
#You are the living personification of strength itself, possessing might far beyond any other being within your setting. You can induce massive bursts of physical, emotional, mental or spiritual strength in others with a touch or a look. Your main weakness is that you may genuinely not understand your own strength.
4595. Strength Infinitum,7.8
#Your physical strength grows gradually and endlessly with no upper limit. Given sufficient time, there is no feat of strength you cannot perform, no opponent you cannot eventually overpower. The growth may unbalance your other physical attributes like speed and reflexes unless you train them alongside it.
4596. Strength Regulation,2.8
#You can finely regulate your own strength, from delicately holding a newborn bird to swinging a fist hard enough to crater stone, without ever accidentally overshooting. A quietly essential power for anyone with super strength who still wants to hug their loved ones.
4597. Strength Retention,4.7
#You retain your full physical strength even when your body should be impaired, altered, shrunk, weighed down or otherwise rendered unable to move. Manipulations of your mass, size and bodily forces simply fail to affect your strength. Does not protect any of your other attributes.
4598. Absolute Strength,9.5
#Your physical strength is limitless and unsurpassed, able to repel any mass regardless of size. You can cross continents in a single jump, shatter planetary systems with your fists, and with enough force, break realities and dimensions themselves. There is no weight you cannot lift and no being you cannot match in raw power.
4599. Supernatural Strength,6.5
#Your physical strength is on a truly unnatural level, letting you shatter cities with a punch and, at the upper end, even crack planets. You tear through the strongest metals like tissue paper and send opponents flying for miles with a single blow. Absolute Strength users can still overpower you, and mundane handling will take you considerable practice.
4600. Strength-Based Durability,5.3
#Your physical strength is directly tied to your durability, mass and density, granting you a form of relative invulnerability where nothing weaker than you can ever harm you. Beings of comparable or greater strength bypass it entirely, and Invulnerability Negation is a perfect counter.
4601. Strength-Based Enhancement,4.3
#Your physical strength bleeds over into a range of enhanced physical abilities, granting you boosts to speed, durability and reflexes proportional to your might. The stronger you grow, the more well-rounded you become.
4602. Strength-Based Speed,4.8
#Your physical strength translates directly into superhuman speed, as the sheer power of your muscles propels you faster than any normal body should allow. Without accompanying reflexes or acceleration immunity, moving at these speeds can be genuinely dangerous to yourself.
4603. Stress Empowerment,4.5
#You grow stronger, faster and more durable the more stressed you or those around you become, with your powers scaling alongside the tension in the air. Some users can even feed on stress as sustenance or slow their aging. Completely useless when calm, and prolonged use has been known to cause hair loss.
4604. Stress Immunity,5.0
#You are completely immune to all forms of stress, be they physical, emotional, mental, spiritual, metabolic, conceptual or environmental. Anxiety, discomfort, tension and worry simply cannot touch you. The downside is that without stress, you may find it difficult to take anything in your life seriously.
4605. Strix Physiology,4.3
#You are a strix, a restless undead creature of Balkan and Italian folklore. You possess the ability to shapeshift into certain animals, turn invisible, and drain vitality from your victims by feeding on their blood. You are repelled by garlic, salt rituals, and those under divine protection.
4606. Strong Force Embodiment,8.5
#You are the embodiment of the strong nuclear force, the very thing that binds atomic nuclei together. Your control over it is limitless; you could hold a star together or unbind the atoms of an entire continent with a stray thought. Without you, matter itself would unravel.
4607. Strong Force Mimicry,6.2
#Your body is or can transform into pure strong force. In your transformed state your cells, bones and muscles are reinforced by the binding force of nuclei itself, making you incredibly durable and powerful. Fine control of the transformation takes time to master.
4608. Strong Heart,3.8
#You possess an indomitable heart, granting you strength and resolve well beyond the ordinary. Your willpower alone can push you through impossible feats, but should you ever falter or show weakness, the power fails you when you need it most.
4609. Strong Neck,1.4
#Your neck is unnaturally strong and durable, far beyond what is normal. You could headbutt through walls, survive a hanging, or shrug off a chokehold with ease. The rest of your body, however, is as fragile as ever.
4610. Strong Tail,2.6
#You possess a strong and durable tail capable of striking with immense force. You can use it as a weapon to smash opponents, as a third limb to grab and throw things, or to launch yourself off surfaces like a living spring.
4611. Structure Mimicry,3.4
#You can transform your body into buildings and non-building structures, such as houses, bridges, or towers. Your durability in this form depends on the materials you are made of, and users of Structure Manipulation can wreak havoc on you while transformed.
4612. Stupidity Compensation,3.3
#Your supernatural powers scale with your stupidity. The dumber you are, the stronger and more instinctive your abilities become, letting you react and act without the need for conscious thought. Being clever actively weakens you.
4613. Stymphalian Bird Physiology,4.5
#Greek Myth - You are or can transform into a Stymphalian bird, a man-eating monster of Greek legend with a beak of bronze, razor-sharp metallic feathers you can launch as projectiles, and toxic droppings. You are easily frightened by loud noises and your metallic hide is vulnerable to fire and metal manipulators.
4614. Subjective Existence,6.6
#Your existence is shaped entirely by the perception of others. If others perceive you as a world-ending monstrosity, you become one; if they see you as harmless, you become harmless. Skilled users can indirectly reshape themselves by manipulating what others believe about them, but a single intrusive thought from the wrong person can transform you into something horrific beyond your control.
4615. Subterranean Adaptation,2.4
#Your body is adapted to underground conditions. You can breathe stale cave air, see in near-total darkness and endure tight, stifling tunnels without issue. Your eyes may be photosensitive, making surface sunlight uncomfortable.
4616. Subtle Body Empowerment,4.7
#You grow stronger, faster and more durable from the subtle body, drawing sustenance from your own and others' ethereal essence. With enough affinity you may slow or even halt your aging, but cut you off from subtle body energy and you wither.
4617. Subtle Body Enhanced Condition,4.3
#You channel the subtle body to enhance your physical condition, pushing strength, speed, reflexes, senses and healing beyond their baseline. The enhancement draws on your ethereal essence and cannot be maintained indefinitely without rest.
4618. Success Empowerment,4.0
#You grow stronger, faster and more durable from success, whether your own or that of those around you. Every victory feeds back into you, unlocking new heights and sharpening existing abilities. Failure, however, weakens you just as readily.
4619. Succubus Physiology,4.5
#(Nsfw) You are a succubus, gaining enhanced strength, speed, supernatural beauty, fangs, claws, a pointed tail and wings. You possess a natural affinity for illusions and mental manipulation and can slip into the dreams of others to seduce them. Weak to holy powers and chastity-based abilities.
4620. Sucker Protrusion,1.4
#Your hands and feet can manifest suction cups, allowing you to scale walls and ceilings like a gecko or octopus. Great for cat burglary and window cleaning, less great for getting your shoes on.
4621. Sugar Mimicry,3.4
#You are made of sugar, or can transform your body into it at will. In your sugar form you retain your shape and senses but may be melted by fire, dissolved by water, or in extreme cases, eaten by a sufficiently bold opponent.
4622. Suicide Immunity,3.0
#You are immune to all forms of suicide. You cannot stab, drown, burn or fall yourself to death, no matter how hard you try. A blessing or a curse depending on the life you are living.
4623. Suika no Bakemono Physiology,3.6
#You are a Suika no Bakemono, a Yokai samurai with a melon for a head. You possess the martial discipline and strength of a samurai along with plant-based vitality, your melon head regrowing when cracked. Unfortunately, your head is still edible, and anyone with rot or mold powers is an existential threat.
4624. Suliform Physiology,2.5
#You can transform into or gain the traits of suliform birds, cormorants, darters and boobies. Enhanced diving, swimming and fishing capabilities, plus the ability to hold your breath underwater for extended periods.
4625. Summer Embodiment,6.6
#You are summer itself. Heat, light, growth and vitality flow from you as naturally as breath. Plants flourish in your presence, wounds heal under your warmth, and your mere passage can turn a frozen wasteland into a blooming meadow. The sun feels like family when you look up at it.
4626. Summoning Empowerment,4.7
#You grow stronger, faster and more durable from summoning and the presence of summoned entities. Your powers sharpen and new ones may unlock the deeper your connection to your summons runs. Starved of that connection, however, you may find yourself significantly weaker than you remember being.
4627. Summoning Power Link,5.0
#Your powers are fueled and channeled through your summoning nature, each conjured entity strengthening and amplifying your abilities on multiple levels. If your summoning goes unstable, however, your powers may spiral out of control, and banishment users can disable you entirely.
4628. Super Drinking,1.2
#You can drink massive quantities of liquid in one go without any ill effect. Great for parties, hydration challenges, and beings whose anatomy requires abnormal intake. You are still vulnerable to poisoned drinks unless you have additional immunities.
4629. Super Eating,1.4
#You can eat massive quantities of food in one sitting with no ill effect, bordering on matter ingestion at higher levels. Excellent for abnormal metabolisms that demand huge caloric intake, though you may get banned from every all-you-can-eat buffet in the tri-state area.
4630. Super Fecundity,2.6
#You can sire or conceive healthy offspring at an unnaturally high rate, far beyond the normal reproductive capacity of your species. You also instinctively know the most fertile times and the most genetically compatible partners. Your children will still be their own people, with their own lives.
4631. Supercolor Vision,1.6
#Your eyes can perceive a wider spectrum of colors than normal humans, seeing shades and hues invisible to others. Essentially tetrachromacy, allowing you to see subtle differences in everything from flower petals to bird feathers that most people cannot even imagine.
4632. Superhuman Empowerment,4.6
#You become stronger, faster, and more durable when in the presence of superhumans, drawing power from their very existence. Prolonged exposure may unlock new abilities related to the nearby affinities and can even slow your aging. The effect scales with the number and strength of nearby powered individuals.
4633. Superhuman Skin,3.4
#Your skin has superhuman attributes, being denser, tougher, and more resistant than normal human skin. You are immune to most dermatological illnesses and common cuts or abrasions won't mark you at all. A solid defensive baseline for any physical build.
4634. Superior Activity,4.0
#You can act, move, and attack in any way you choose, whether balanced, accelerated, or continuous, without restriction from fatigue or natural physical limits. Your body obeys your intent with perfect fluidity regardless of the style or pace you demand from it.
4635. Superior Adaptation,8.6
#You adapt to anything. In combat your body dynamically analyzes and counters the powers used against you, developing resistances, replicating abilities, and evolving countermeasures on the fly. Exotic or overwhelmingly powerful foes take longer to adapt to, and your evolution may sometimes proceed without your conscious control.
4636. Superior Alien Physiology,5.2
#You are an empowered alien, possessing your species' natural physiology alongside a suite of additional supernatural powers. You retain the intellect to use these new abilities constructively. You may still require a specific environment to survive and carry your species' natural weaknesses.
4637. Superior Bodily Speed,5.1
#Your body moves faster than your mind can think. Before a thought is fully formed, you have already acted on it, reacting on pure muscle memory and instinct. Excellent against fast opponents but leaves you vulnerable to being baited by opponents who can read and manipulate your reflexes.
4638. Superior Breeding,3.8
#You are the product of careful selective breeding, inheriting genetic traits that make you superior to most of your kind. Whether the result of two powered parents or pre-birth modification, you carry natural enhancements across the board from birth.
4639. Superior Chi,5.4
#Your chi is unshakable and unbound, free from any external force that would try to hold it back. It grows stronger with your training, your emotional resolve, and your sense of purpose, granting you abilities derived from raw life force. Like all chi, it is finite and must be replenished through meditation and training.
4640. Superior Hybrid Physiology,5.3
#You are a superior hybrid, the alpha form of whatever two or more species combined to make you. All the strengths of your component physiologies amplified, with fewer of the usual hybrid drawbacks. Still potentially vulnerable to Hybrid Manipulation and traditional hybrid weaknesses.
4641. Superior Life-Force Power,3.6
#Your life-force is significantly above the average of your species, giving you a deeper well of raw vitality to draw from. You can channel this excess lifeforce as pure energy for attacks, healing, or empowering your other abilities.
4642. Superior Machine Physiology,5.4
#You are or can become an empowered machine, be it a cyborg, android, or walking AI. Your chassis rivals high-end threats in combat and your internal systems outclass modern technology by a wide margin. Standard machine weaknesses like water and EMPs still apply unless you train resistances against them.
4643. Superior Magical Human Physiology,5.2
#You are still human on paper, but you possess both innate magic and a secondary superpower set, be it cosmic, psychic, scientific or otherwise. Your body isn't altered, you simply exist as a metahuman mage by birthright. Ordinary human limits on stamina and durability still apply unless your powers cover them.
4644. Superior Magical Power,4.2
#Your innate magical reserves are vastly larger than the norm of your species, letting you sling spells most mages could never afford to cast. The raw magnitude of power is yours; how skillfully you wield it is still up to training.
4645. Superior Mutant Physiology,5.3
#Marvel - You are a Superior Mutant, a rarer and stronger variant of the standard mutant. Whatever genetic-based power you were born with is of a significantly higher tier than most of your kind, putting you closer to the Omega-class end of the scale. Your DNA may be unstable and reverting to your original form may not always be possible.
4646. Superior Mystic Mutant Physiology,5.8
#You are a mutant born with both superpowers and genuine magical ability, a combination feared for how dangerous the fusion can be. Your mutated physiology houses both spellcraft and mutant gifts natively, meaning you do not need rituals or catalysts to wield either.
4647. Superior Tasking,2.3
#You can perform any mundane task much better than anyone else. Cleaning, filing, searching, cooking, organizing — whatever it is, you do it faster, cleaner, and more thoroughly than the best human professional. You can still make mistakes, especially if you rush.
4648. Superior Undead Physiology,5.1
#You are an undead of superior power, dwarfing regular undead in both might and intellect. Depending on what powers came with the package you may be closer to a lich-king than a shambling corpse, and much harder to put down permanently. Standard undead weaknesses like holy magic and supernatural hunters still apply unless specifically resisted.
4649. Supernatural Arts Empowerment,3.8
#You become stronger, faster and more durable when you use or come into contact with supernatural arts, and proximity to them can even unlock new abilities or slow your aging. The more esoteric techniques being slung around near you, the stronger you get.
4650. Supernatural Arts Immunity,5.2
#You are immune to supernatural arts directed at you, letting their effects slide off as if they never existed. May be limited to certain categories of arts and can be bypassed by immunity-negation abilities from sufficiently powerful users.
4651. Supernatural Awareness,3.5
#Your awareness is far sharper than an ordinary member of your species, letting you notice details most people miss entirely and plan tactically in real time. Few things slip past your notice, though being aware of danger does not help if you're too slow to move. Prolonged use may cause sensory overload.
4652. Supernatural Back,3.2
#Your back muscles are on another level, granting enhanced physical stats with a focus on strength, posture and endurance. Heavy lifting, explosive movement and carrying loads that would crush a normal person become trivial, though overexerting can still tear muscle fibers painfully.
4653. Supernatural Blood,5.2
#Your blood carries supernatural properties, serving as both fuel and weapon. Depending on the nature it has taken, your blood can empower you, heal, burn, curse or grant temporary abilities when shared. Be wary, as beings who know the value of your blood may come hunting for it.
4654. Supernatural Bodily Aspects,5.4
#Every part of your body, from cells to organs to bones, carries supernatural properties that you can selectively draw upon. You can isolate specific aspects like your eyes, hands or nervous system and channel their unique qualities for various effects. Losing a body part means losing that aspect's abilities.
4655. Supernatural Bodily Capacity,5.0
#You can push your bodily systems to percentages and capabilities far beyond what biology allows, unlocking hidden potential in your muscles, nerves, bones and organs at will. Pushing too hard can and will break the very system you are trying to use, so moderation is key.
4656. Supernatural Bones,4.3
#Your skeletal structure is imbued with supernatural properties, granting you enhanced durability, regeneration and the ability to use your bones as weapons or constructs. The exact expression depends on the nature of your bones, but destroying them will cripple you entirely.
4657. Supernatural Brain Capacity,4.6
#Your mental faculties operate far above the enhanced level, letting you access untapped cognitive potential for learning, multitasking, memory and intuition. With practice you can stretch this further, but overuse leads to headaches, nosebleeds and in extreme cases aneurysms.
4658. Supernatural Brain,5.1
#Your brain is a supernatural organ, not just granting superior cognition but also serving as the seed for psionic abilities and bodily supernatural feats. Unlike a supernatural mind, this is specifically physical, meaning it also means your skull now houses a very valuable and very vulnerable target.
4659. Supernatural Cells,5.2
#Every cell in your body operates at a supernatural level, granting you enhanced physical stats across the board as well as superior healing, adaptability and biological resilience. Your cellular baseline is now so high that even as a base human your body would outperform trained athletes without effort.
4660. Supernatural Chest,3.1
#Your entire thoracic region is supernaturally enhanced, from your heart and lungs to your pectorals or breasts and ribcage. Expect amplified lung capacity, stronger upper body strength, better defense for your vital organs and, yes, more impressive aesthetics.
4661. Supernatural Concentration Capacity,4.2
#Your concentration is honed to a supernatural degree, letting you focus on multiple complex tasks at once and push your physical and mental abilities past their normal limits through sheer willpower. A sudden distraction or unexpected attack can still snap your focus and leave you vulnerable.
4662. Supernatural Defiance,7.0
#You can ignore anything supernatural. Curses slide off, divine judgment rolls past, magic fails to affect you and demonic powers find no purchase. Does not work against Natural Supernatural beings, and sufficiently omnipotent forces can still reach you.
4663. Supernatural Efficiency Absolute,9.3
#Your efficiency is limitless and absolute. You do everything with zero wasted effort, zero wasted motion and zero wasted energy, making you the most efficient being in your universe. Whatever you attempt, from combat to crafting to thinking, is done in the most perfect manner possible.
4664. Supernatural Efficiency,4.0
#Your efficiency is drastically beyond what is naturally possible, letting you perform actions with minimal wasted effort or energy. You work faster, think cleaner and tire slower than anyone around you.
4665. Supernatural Embodiment,8.6
#You are the living embodiment of the supernatural itself. You exist beyond natural law, manifesting as a conceptual being whose very presence defies physics, causality and mortality. Any supernatural force, however it is defined, is part of what you are.
4666. Supernatural Flesh,4.3
#Your flesh, from skin to muscle to fat and soft tissue, carries supernatural properties, granting healing, enhanced musculature and various effects depending on its nature. Your flesh can even be consumed by others to pass on effects, though cooking and preservation may be required.
4667. Supernatural Fluids,4.8
#All your bodily fluids carry supernatural properties, each one with its own distinct effects. Blood, sweat, tears, saliva and more can be shared with others to vitalize, mutate or empower them on a cellular level. People who learn the value of your fluids may try to bottle you.
4668. Supernatural Genetics,5.0
#Your entire genome is supernaturally enhanced, granting biological advancements and characteristics that manifest as powers passed down through your DNA. Whether the source is hereditary, mystical or scientific, your body operates on an upgraded blueprint.
4669. Supernatural Hands,3.6
#Your hands possess supernatural powers and attributes, acting as the focal point for whatever ability they carry. Without your hands, the power is gone, so protecting them becomes a priority.
4670. Supernatural Heart,4.6
#Your heart, literal or metaphysical, is imbued with supernatural advancements that serve as the core of your powers. It fuels your abilities, enhances your body and can be channeled into various effects. If your heart is damaged or ripped out, you lose both your life and everything it granted.
4671. Supernatural Horn,3.2
#You possess one or more horns with supernatural powers and properties, each capable of channeling a specific ability determined by the gacha. If a horn is broken off, it may not grow back, and the ability tied to it is lost.
4672. Supernatural Humor,4.6
#You are cosmically, supernaturally funny. Even beings with no concept of humor will laugh at your jokes, and the more you put into a bit the worse it gets for the audience. At low levels they just lose focus, at higher levels they crack ribs, go mad, or outright die of laughter. Turning it off is its own skill.
4673. Supernatural Immunity,7.8
#Your mind, body, and soul are entirely sealed off from the supernatural. Curses slide off you, blessings don't stick, possession is impossible, and no god, demon, or spirit can so much as nudge your thoughts. Transformations like vampirism or lycanthropy simply fail to take. Super science and immunity negation can still get past it though.
4674. Supernatural Instincts,6.8
#Dragon Ball - Your instincts process the world at a level no conscious mind could match, automatically steering you toward the optimal decision in any situation. In combat your body dodges before you see the attack, in life you take the right path before you know it is the right path. Mental overload from overwhelming stimuli can still disrupt it.
4675. Supernatural Limbs,4.2
#One or more of your limbs are supernaturally enhanced, granting them extraordinary strength, agility, regeneration or unique powers like elemental control or energy projection. The rest of your body is ordinary and if the limb is removed, so is the power.
4676. Supernatural Lungs,4.0
#Your lungs are supernatural in nature, letting you breathe in any environment from the ocean floor to the vacuum of space, breathe out fire, ice, or other elements, and perform breath-based techniques that would collapse normal lungs. Damage to your respiratory system cripples your abilities fast.
4677. Supernatural Milk Production,2.8
#Your milk has supernatural properties, such as healing wounds, hypnotizing those who drink it, burning through metal, or empowering allies. You choose which property manifests but overusing it leaves you dehydrated and weak.
4678. Supernatural Mobility,4.1
#Your movement is supernaturally refined. You have near-perfect balance, control and precision whether walking, running, swimming, climbing or jumping, and you never slip, lose traction, or stumble at speed. Inertia, gravity and physical restraints still apply to you, but you handle them much more gracefully than any ordinary being.
4679. Supernatural Mucus,1.8
#Your snot has supernatural properties. It might heal minor wounds, dissolve metal, paralyze whoever it touches, or stick things together with unbreakable adhesion. Usually you are stuck with only one effect.
4680. Supernatural Muscle Usage,4.3
#You can access more of your muscular output than should be biologically possible, far beyond the normal 100% limiter, letting you push strength, speed and agility into supernatural territory. Overuse can break your bones, tear your ligaments, and flood your body with enough lactic acid to put you down for days.
4681. Supernatural Nails,2.6
#Your fingernails have supernatural powers and properties, ranging from being unbreakable claws to channeling mystic energy or carrying curses with every scratch. If your nails are removed, the powers go with them.
4682. Supernatural Organs,4.5
#One or more of your internal organs are supernatural in nature, granting you abilities, enhancements or protections depending on which organ is affected. A supernatural heart might pump mystic energy, a supernatural brain might grant perfect cognition, and a supernatural liver might purify any poison. You are limited to a handful of such organs at most.
4683. Supernatural Rear,2.2
#Your rear end is supernaturally enhanced, granting you various mysterious powers rooted in your hips, glutes, or tail. The specific effects vary wildly and may come with uncomfortable side effects.
4684. Supernatural Reproductive System,3.1
#Your reproductive system is supernatural in nature, granting strange and potent abilities tied to fertility, gestation, or lineage. Removal of the system disables the powers entirely.
4685. Supernatural Saliva,2.1
#Your spit has supernatural properties, be it healing, toxic, acidic, adhesive or empowering. Overuse can dehydrate you dangerously, and careless use can damage everything around you.
4686. Supernatural Soul,6.0
#Your soul is a core of immense metaphysical energy, saturating your body and mind with spiritual pressure that enhances every aspect of your being. You radiate an oppressive aura to those with spiritual senses, and you are highly resistant to soul-based powers such as manipulation, absorption, sealing, or destruction. Sufficiently powerful soul users can still grind past that resistance given enough effort.
4687. Supernatural Tail,3.0
#You have one or more tails with supernatural properties, most commonly the ability to shapeshift or extend that shapeshifting to the rest of your body. The specific power varies by user and is usually just one per tail.
4688. Supernatural Tendrils,3.6
#You possess tendrils or tentacles that grow from your body and carry supernatural properties. They can shapeshift, stretch, and usually grant you one particular esoteric ability channeled through them, whether that is poison, absorption, or warping whatever they touch.
4689. Supernatural Traits,4.9
#Your genetic code carries metaphysical and paranormal qualities that grant you supernatural traits. You can pass these down your bloodline naturally or transfer them to others through direct biological grafting, though some of these genes carry nasty derogatory effects alongside the useful ones.
4690. Supernatural Urine,1.4
#(Nsfw) Your urine possesses supernatural properties, whether it be healing, corrosive, flammable or something stranger. You had better figure out what it does before you make a mess.
4691. Superorganism Physiology,5.1
#You either are or can become a superorganism, a collective of synergetically interacting individuals acting as one mind. Division of labor is highly specialized and the hive acts in concert to produce phenomena beyond any single member. Smaller forms are more vulnerable than a massive colony and you can be devastated by cellular, DNA or atomic disintegration.
4692. Superpower Anchoring,6.5
#Your powers are anchored to you and you alone. They cannot be absorbed, negated, erased, changed, reversed or bypassed by any means short of absolute-tier abilities. You can still develop new powers and strengthen existing ones, but only through your own effort. Weak to Raw Power and useless against Absolute Superpower Negation.
4693. Superpower Arsenal,6.8
#You possess a vast and diverse collection of superpowers, either permanently held or swappable as needed. These powers can be thematically linked or completely unrelated to each other, and you can expand your arsenal over time by absorbing, replicating, practicing or inheriting new abilities. Juggling too many powers at once may cause overload.
4694. Superpower Devolution,2.6
#Your powers decay over time, losing techniques or raw strength either through use or through their own internal mechanics. The decay cannot be fully reversed, only slowed down with the help of specific energies or items. A curse you are stuck carrying until you find a way to manage it.
4695. Absolute Superpower Immunity,9.5
#You are completely and perfectly immune to any and all powers in existence and beyond, regardless of their type, status or level. Nothing short of omnipotence itself can affect you through supernatural means.
4696. Superpower Immunity,5.8
#You are immune to all or certain supernatural powers and effects, much like how certain animals are naturally immune to specific venoms. This gives you a commanding advantage in supernatural conflict, though it provides no protection against mundane threats or supernatural forces that aren't classified as superpowers. Sufficiently superior versions of the powers you guard against can still overwhelm you.
4697. Absolute Superpower Reflection,9.3
#Any and all powers used against you are reflected back without you being harmed or affected in any way, regardless of their nature, type or level. Even conceptual attacks, totality effects and omnipresential assaults bounce straight back at their source. An absolutely unbeatable form of self-defense and counterattack.
4698. Superpower Resistance,4.1
#You are highly resistant to certain supernatural abilities and powers, be it spiritual forces, psionic attacks, spell effects or even superpower-altering abilities like nullification and absorption. This is not full immunity, however, so sufficient force can still get through, and Resistance Removal is a direct counter.
4699. Superpowered Location,6.3
#You are a place, not a person. Or rather, wherever you stand becomes a locus of supernatural power, a bounded region with its own laws and phenomena. Some with this trait are sentient landscapes, others are people whose very presence bends the territory around them into something no longer ordinary.
4700. Superpowered Physiology,5.0
#You are a superpowered being by nature. Your body and/or mind operate on a tier above the average member of your species, granting you enhanced physical capabilities and a natural affinity for further powers. The exact flavor varies wildly, from superhuman to alien to demigod, but you start several rungs above baseline.
4701. Support Empowerment,3.8
#You grow stronger, faster, and more durable from being supported or from using support powers. Buffs hit you harder, heals flow deeper, and being on the receiving end of protection or aid makes you bloom. You may even stop aging while sufficiently supported.
4702. Support Immunity,3.5
#You are immune to supportive abilities directed at you, whether they are positive like buffs and heals or negative like debuffs and status effects. A niche but powerful defense against any battlefield that runs on enchantment. May or may not be toggleable depending on the user.
4703. Supreme Divinity,9.7
#You possess supreme divinity, the highest form of divine nature, placing you above all other gods and divine beings in your respective reality. Your divine power is infinite and uniquely shaped by your character, making you an omnipotent divine entity whose authority over the sacred cannot be contested by any lesser god.
4704. Absolute Survivability,9.7
#No matter how dire the scenario, you survive. Torn to pieces, reduced to atoms, spirit annihilated, wiped from existence — you always find some obscure, unnatural way to still be there at the end. You are not invulnerable, pain and damage still apply, but death itself cannot keep you.
4705. Supernatural Survivability,5.2
#You can survive extremely severe injuries that would kill enhanced humans several times over. Impalement, falling from skyscrapers, being burned alive — you keep crawling forward. This does not heal the damage, nor does it make you immortal, it just makes you exceptionally difficult to kill.
4706. Peak Human Survivability,3.3
#Your survivability sits at the pinnacle of human potential. You can endure animal attacks, being jumped by armed assailants, buildings crumbling on top of you, falls from up to 14 stories and getting shot in the chest, all with severe but non-fatal injuries. You still feel every bit of the pain, and you still need to heal.
4707. Survival Luck,5.6
#You have luck that applies specifically to survival situations. No matter the accident, ordeal or horrific encounter, you walk away virtually unharmed through sheer absurd coincidence. In extreme cases, your luck can even stumble you into long life, eternal youth or outright immortality. You have no control over when or how it triggers.
4708. Sushi Mimicry,2.8
#You are made of or can transform your body completely into sushi. You can remain anatomically identical aside from being rice and fish, or go fully homogeneous. You are also, unfortunately, edible, and rot inducement will ruin your day very quickly.
4709. Suzuhiko Hime Physiology,3.2
#You are or can transform into a Suzuhiko Hime, a Yokai from Japanese folklore that takes the form of a woman in ancient princess or shrine maiden clothes with a giant smiling bell for a head. You do not harm humans and spend most of your time dancing, though the bell's chime carries supernatural resonance.
4710. Swamp Mimicry,3.6
#You are or can transform your body into swamp, combining earth, water and plant-life into one muddy form. You can maintain your anatomy or go fully homogeneous. Ice manipulation is very efficient against you.
4711. Swamp Monster Physiology,4.2
#You are or can transform into a swamp monster, a monstrous creature that embodies wetland environments. You gain enhanced physical abilities, regenerative sludge-like flesh, and supernatural powers tied to bogs and marshes. Some swamp monsters weaken or outright die if removed from their swamp for too long.
4712. Swimming Tail,2.9
#Your lower body is or can become a fish/mermaid tail for swimming faster through water. You retain your leg bones within the tail, and you can use it offensively by whipping enemies out of the air or capturing them in a grip. May take a moment to form.
4713. Enhanced Swimming,2.2
#You swim effortlessly and with absolute control, efficiency, precision, traction and balance at any speed. You may not necessarily be the fastest, but your maneuverability underwater is glaringly beyond any normal person. You can still drown if you do not have aquatic breathing.
4714. Supernatural Swimming,4.3
#Your swimming is obviously and supernaturally greater than any normal being, to the point where you can swim up waterfalls, through rapids, or even through solid matter as if it were water. Your endurance in the water is effectively limitless.
4715. Swine Companionship,1.4
#You have a natural bond with pigs and boars. They trust you instantly and will follow you around like loyal dogs. Surprisingly handy on a farm, less so in a city.
4716. Swine Physiology,2.6
#You are or can transform into a boar or pig. Do not underestimate this, swine are creative, hardy and surprisingly vicious fighters. Even the domestic form retains enough muscle and bite force to ruin a grown man's day.
4717. Swinefolk Physiology,3.3
#You are a member of the swinefolk, a humanoid race of pig-people. You possess enhanced strength and endurance, a powerful sense of smell and the stubborn resilience of a boar. Horns and tusks optional.
4718. Sword Arm,3.5
#Your arm is or can transform into a bladed weapon. Excellent for always having a weapon at hand, though in some cases the arm may be permanently stuck in blade form, making handshakes awkward and door handles tricky.
4719. Sword Embodiment,5.6
#You are the embodiment of swords themselves. You possess the natural affinity and physiology of a blade, your body is sharper, tougher and deadlier than steel, and every sword you touch responds to you as if you were its true master.
4720. Sylph Physiology,4.2
#Allows you to transform into or exist as a Sylph, an invisible faerie-like spirit of the air. You gain insectoid wings, the ability to turn invisible at will and a natural affinity for air and wind manipulation, letting you glide on breezes and whisper unseen through open spaces.
4721. Symbiote Physiology,4.8
#You are a symbiote, a being that thrives by bonding with a host and granting them new abilities in exchange for feeding off their essence. You can transform, reshape and latch onto willing or unwilling hosts, but without one your vitality slowly drains away.
4722. Symbiotic Regeneration,5.1
#You can regenerate wounds by channeling symbiotic power, the speed of healing defined by the amount of power you expend and the strength of your bond. Still subject to the same limits as any other regeneration - destroy the bond and the healing stops.
4723. Symbiotic Tattoos,5.3
#Your body is adorned with living symbiotic tattoos that grant you a host of supernatural abilities. The tattoos may be intelligent, moving and acting on your will, and depending on the substance they are inked with they can manifest new powers on the fly. Disfiguring or incomplete tattoos produce weakened or unreliable effects.
4724. Symbol Empowerment,3.7
#You are empowered by the presence of symbols, becoming stronger, faster and more durable when surrounded by emblems, runes or glyphs. Some users even draw sustenance from them, but being stranded somewhere bare of markings will leave you weakened.
4725. Symbol Mimicry,4.4
#You can transform your body into a symbol or symbols, taking on the nature of whichever emblem, glyph, letter, number or musical note you become. Each form grants you abilities tied to that symbol's meaning, though mastering control over multiple shapes takes time.
4726. Symbolic Heart,5.6
#You possess a symbolic heart, a metaphysical emblem of your soul that serves as the seat of your life, will, emotion and intention. Its nature, whether pure or tainted, shapes the powers it grants you, and it can be stolen or corrupted by those who know how to reach for it.
4727. Synergy Empowerment,4.0
#You grow stronger, faster and more durable from synergies, drawing power from combinations that work well together and enhancing your existing abilities through them. You can empower yourself, your allies, your objects or your powers depending on what synergy you are tapping into.
4728. Syngnathiform Physiology,2.1
#Allows you to transform either partially or fully into a seahorse, seadragon, or pipefish. You gain the ability to breathe underwater, camouflage among coral, and the males among you can carry young in a brood pouch.
4729. Taboo Empowerment,4.2
#You grow stronger, faster, and more durable the more taboos are placed on you, whether by contract, oath, or self-imposed restriction. Binding yourself against the use of a power can funnel that energy into the rest of your abilities, and breaking or lifting the taboo strips the boost immediately.
4730. Tachyon Defiance,5.2
#You are not bound by the properties of tachyons. Where normal tachyons require infinite energy to slow to the speed of light, you can amble along at lightspeed on pocket change, and where they reach infinite speed at zero energy, you can reach infinite speed while fully charged. The laws that govern tachyons treat you as an exception.
4731. Tachyon Mimicry,5.1
#Allows you to transform your body fully or partially into tachyon particles, granting you faster-than-light travel and a form that obeys bizarre inverse energy laws. You retain your anatomy while transformed but remain somewhat vulnerable to attacks, and fully depleting your energy risks splitting you into two oppositely charged particles moving at infinite speed.
4732. Taco Mimicry,0.7
#You are, or can transform into, a taco. Your body retains all of its organs and structure, but is now made of tortilla, seasoned meat, cheese, lettuce, and salsa. Mold and hungry people pose a significant threat to your continued existence.
4733. Taffy Mimicry,3.0
#Your body is made of taffy, allowing you to stretch, deform and reshape yourself freely. You can take blows that would shatter a normal body, but cold powers can stiffen you and dust or sand ruins your adhesive grip.
4734. Tail Regrowth,2.0
#Your tail regrows after being severed or destroyed, like a lizard shedding its own. Repeatedly losing it may slow the process, and healing factor nullification will stop regrowth entirely.
4735. Tail Wing Manifestation,3.0
#You have wings growing from your tail, granting you flight and enhancing your speed, balance and aerial agility. Some users can retract them when not in use.
4736. Tailypo Physiology,4.1
#You are a Tailypo, the vengeful beast of Appalachian folklore. You possess feral strength, supernatural stealth and an unrelenting instinct for retribution against anyone who wrongs you, stalking them through the night until the debt is paid. You still bleed like an animal and you cannot regrow your tail if it is taken from you.
4737. Taki Reio Physiology,7.8
#Japanese Folklore - You are a Taki Reio, a divine apparition haunting the basin of a sacred waterfall. You take the forms of other gods at will and are regarded as the apex of the supernatural world, with lesser yokai, spirits and demons bowing before your presence. Your existence is bound to your holy waterfall, and destroying it may destroy you.
4738. Talent Embodiment,8.1
#You are the embodiment of talent itself. Every field, every craft, every aptitude humankind has ever conceived of comes to you at the peak of what is possible. Some who bear this power link directly to the concept of talent, pushing their skills beyond any mortal ceiling.
4739. Talpidae Physiology,2.8
#You are or can transform into a talpid—moles, shrew moles, desmans and their kin. You are a master digger, tunneling through soil with ease, and some forms let you swim as readily as you burrow. Your eyesight, however, tends to be terrible.
4740. Tame Inner Beast,4.2
#You possess an inner beast that is completely devoted to you, willingly offering its power without any risk of corruption or berserk states. Unlike most beast-within users, drawing on its strength is as easy as asking a loyal pet, and it will fight to protect you when you are in danger.
4741. Tantric Metabolization,3.5
#(Nsfw) You sustain yourself and your powers by feeding on sexual energy and experiences, taking them into your body as fuel. You may starve without regular sexual activity, and the hunger tends to breed addiction.
4742. Tape Mimicry,2.8
#Your body is made entirely of tape, either retaining your normal shape or becoming homogeneous. You can unspool yourself, stick to surfaces and reform from strips, but you are about as durable as actual tape.
4743. Tapeworm Physiology,1.2
#You either are or can transform into a tapeworm, a parasitic flatworm that lives in the guts of mammals. You may need to inhabit a host to survive, which is as grim as it sounds.
4744. Tar Mimicry,3.2
#Your body is made of tar, a thick viscous black liquid of hydrocarbons. You can absorb physical attacks by parting around them, trap enemies in your body, and reshape yourself freely, though you are vulnerable to fire and cold.
4745. Tardigrade Physiology,4.5
#You possess the physiology of a tardigrade, the famed water bear. You can withstand temperatures from near absolute zero to far above boiling, lethal radiation doses, decades without food or water, crushing pressures and even the vacuum of space. Resistance, not full immunity.
4746. Task Adaptation,2.1
#You can adapt to doing any task regardless of the position you are in, typing on a keyboard while upside down, wielding a sword while arched backward, or doing dishes while lying on your side. Awkward positions simply stop being awkward for you.
4747. Task Continuation,3.4
#You can continue whatever task you were doing even while your mind is compromised by mind control, possession, confusion, or a vegetative state. Alternatively, tasks you set in motion like cooking or cleaning continue on their own while you are occupied elsewhere.
4748. Tasmanian Devil Physiology,3.2
#Allows you to transform into a Tasmanian devil, either partially or fully. You gain an incredibly powerful bite capable of crushing bone, enhanced endurance, a surprising turn of speed for your size and a nasty temperament to match. Your jaw strength relative to body size is among the highest of any mammal.
4749. Tattoo Empowerment,3.8
#You grow stronger, faster and more durable the more tattoos you have on your body, with each tattoo unlocking minor abilities related to its subject. A wolf tattoo might sharpen your senses, a sun tattoo might warm your skin against the cold. You only have so much skin, so choose your ink wisely.
4750. Tattoo Mimicry,4.2
#Your body is made of living ink, allowing you to transform into any of your tattoos or flatten into pure body art on a surface. You can slide across skin from one person to another, gain the abilities of whichever tattoo you embody, and squeeze through any crack a drop of ink could. Water and solvents are genuinely dangerous.
4751. Tatty Bogle Physiology,3.6
#Allows you to transform into a tatty bogle, a mischief-prone Scottish goblin that haunts fields in the guise of a scarecrow. As a tatty bogle you can perfectly mimic any scarecrow, induce supernatural fear in those who wander too close at night, and act as a genius loci of whatever field you claim. You are tied to your field, and destroying it would severely harm you.
4752. Tatzelwurm Physiology,4.7
#European Folklore - Allows you to transform into a Tatzelwurm, the Alpine cryptid dragon with the head of a cat and the body of a serpent. You possess a venomous bite, incredible climbing agility, a sinister hiss that chills the blood and the cunning of both cat and snake. Your presence causes livestock to flee for miles.
4753. Taur Physiology,3.3
#Your lower body is that of an animal of your choice, and you can shift between different taur forms at will. You keep your hands and upper-body dexterity while gaining the physical traits of your lower half, whether that be the speed of a horse, the coils of a serpent or the power of a bull.
4754. Tea Mimicry,2.0
#Your body is made of tea, letting you transform fully or partially into any variety you've tasted. In homogeneous form you can pour yourself through strainers, hide in teapots and soak into fabric. Being drunk by someone else is an ever-present and deeply awkward risk.
4755. Teaching Empowerment,3.0
#You grow stronger, faster and more durable the more you teach. Every lesson delivered, every student guided and every concept explained fuels your body, sharpens your mind and may unlock abilities related to whatever subject you are currently teaching. Idle teachers lose their edge quickly.
4756. Team Empowerment,3.8
#You grow stronger, faster and more durable when you serve on or alongside a team, be it a strike squad, a guild or an unlikely partnership. The tighter the bond and the clearer the shared purpose, the greater the boost. A lone wolf with this trait is a very weak wolf indeed.
4757. Tear Mimicry,2.8
#You can transform your body partially or fully into tears, either retaining your anatomy or becoming a homogenous liquid form. Vulnerable to extreme heat and evaporation, and new users may struggle to revert back.
4758. Tear Trail,0.7
#Wherever you travel, you leave behind a trail of tears. Extremely easy to track and mildly embarrassing in public.
4759. Techno-Extraterrestrial Physiology,5.4
#You are an alien being whose biology and evolution are fundamentally intertwined with technology. Your body grants you a wide suite of tech-based abilities, and you may even be partly mechanical in nature yourself.
4760. Techno-Magic Dragon Physiology,7.3
#You are a hybrid dragon whose body combines both arcane magic and advanced technology, standing among the mightiest of dragonkind. You wield the combined force of opposing powers, though you still answer to the true dragon gods and if genetically unstable risk unwanted mutations.
4761. Technological Divinity,8.4
#You possess a divinity of machine nature, a scientific godhood that grants you supremacy over all technology whether modern, alien, or mythic. Your divine source is the Machine itself, making you a holy being of circuits and code with the raw power of a tech-based god. Vulnerable to Divine Slayer-tier weapons and deep Crash effects.
4762. Technological Intangibility,4.0
#You cannot be felt or registered by any form of technology, meaning any technological effect, sensor, or trap simply fails to trigger when you touch or step on it. Security systems and tech-based artifacts cannot respond to your presence.
4763. Technological Invisibility,3.9
#You cannot be detected by any technological system, rendering cameras, sensors, and security grids useless against you. You may still be visible to the naked eye depending on the form your ability takes.
4764. Technological Power Link,4.6
#Your powers are channelled and fuelled directly through your technological or mechanical nature, allowing your machinery to strengthen and regulate your abilities. If your tech becomes unstable your powers may go wildly out of control, and Crash effects can shut you down entirely.
4765. Technology Embodiment,8.9
#You are the embodiment of technology itself, every circuit, gear and line of code answers to you without question. All technology in existence is essentially an extension of your body, and your control over the concept of tech approaches limitless.
4766. Technology Empowerment,4.0
#You grow stronger, faster and more durable the closer you are to technology, drawing power from machines around you. In a dense city or server farm, you are a force to be reckoned with, but out in the wilderness you are just a regular person.
4767. Technology Immunity,4.2
#You are immune to all forms of technology and the powers derived from it. Bullets simply stop, electronics fail to perceive you, and techno-manipulators find their abilities useless against you. However, this also means healing tech and beneficial tech fail to affect you as well.
4768. Technomagical Blood,6.6
#Your blood has been laced with technomystical micromachines, tiny constructs that can freely rewrite your physical, mental, mystical and spiritual parameters. You can reshape yourself far beyond human norms, drawing on both scientific advancement and metaphysical empowerment. Unfortunately you can be hacked on the tech side and magically disrupted on the mystic side.
4769. Technomagical Empowerment,5.5
#You grow stronger, faster and more durable when surrounded by both magic and technology. In a technomagical environment you are a monster, drawing sustenance from arcane machinery and slowing your aging to a crawl, but the effect is limited to specific types of technomagical material.
4770. Technomagical Power Link,5.4
#Your inherent technomagical nature is directly wired into your powers, fueling and amplifying them through the fusion of arcane circuitry and mystic energy. An unstable core can cause dangerous feedback, and anti-magic or malfunction effects will hit you twice as hard.
4771. Technomagical Symbiosis,5.7
#You host a technomagical entity, a living fusion of magitek grafted into your body. Through the bond you wield both arcane and technological powers that neither source could grant alone, though the entity may try to seize control of your mind and the magitek itself can be volatile.
4772. Technomechanical Blood,4.7
#Your blood is entirely synthetic, a suspension of advanced micro-computers that perfectly simulates the organic properties of any biological sapient. The nanites can self-repair and run diagnostics, but you are vulnerable to electricity manipulation and technology-based hacking.
4773. Technomechanical Empowerment,4.3
#Contact with technomechanical substances empowers you, making you stronger, faster, and more durable. Prolonged exposure may unlock new abilities tied to the affinity and even slow your aging, though you may only draw power from specific types of material.
4774. Technomechanical Physiology,6.3
#Your body is a technomechanical being, a personification of the ordinarily soulless — robotics with a semblance of life all its own. You learn, grow, and evolve far beyond what cybernetics allow, bonding with or imitating any form of mechanical energy down to the biochemical level. Vulnerable to technomechanical manipulation and technoformation.
4775. Technomechanical Power Link,5.3
#Your technomechanical essence is directly linked to your powers, fueling and strengthening them through the fusion of flesh-like machinery and ability. Instability in the link can cause your powers to spiral out of control.
4776. Technomechanical Symbiosis,5.5
#You host a synthorgamech — an artificial living tech lifeform that cohabits your physiology. The bond grants you various technomechanical abilities depending on the entity, but a poorly synched symbiote may harm your body or attempt to take over entirely.
4777. Technomorphism,6.5
#Your body is composed of autonomous intelligent nanomachines that act as a single adaptive entity under your complete control. You can reorganize your mass, density, and structure to morph into any machine, weapon, vehicle, tool, or device you desire. Vulnerable to electricity and magnetism, and prolonged use may erode your sense of humanity.
4778. Technorganic Blood,4.9
#Your blood is both mechanical and biological, a hybrid of orgamechs that can reorder your physical and mental qualities beyond the norm. It makes you technorganic in truth, granting extensive self-modification, but the orgamechs might develop their own will and turn on you.
4779. Technorganic Empowerment,4.3
#Contact with technorganic material empowers you, enhancing your physical stats and potentially unlocking new affinity-based abilities. Some users can even draw sustenance from technorganic entities or slow their aging through prolonged exposure.
4780. Technorganic Physiology,5.4
#Your body is a seamless fusion of flesh and machine at the cellular level. You gain the physical strength and durability of a robot alongside the adaptability and healing of an organic, letting you interface with technology natively and incorporate mechanical upgrades into your flesh. However, you are vulnerable to things that affect machines, including computer viruses and EMPs.
4781. Technorganic Power Link,5.2
#Your technorganic nature is directly wired into your powers, using your bio-tech as fuel and amplifier. Your abilities are strengthened and can be utilized on levels impossible for ordinary users, but if your technorganic material is unstable or damaged, your powers may run wild.
4782. Technoscience,7.4
#You know everything about technology, cybernetics, machines, and the internet. Every invention past and future, every material used in their making, every person associated with them, it is all laid bare in your mind. Your knowledge is absolute as long as it concerns technology but anything outside that domain is as foreign to you as it would be to anyone else.
4783. Teeth Empowerment,2.6
#You become stronger, faster and more durable when near teeth, whether your own or others'. Carrying a collection of teeth around you unlocks and enhances your abilities, and with enough of them you may even draw sustenance or slow your aging. Cavities and decay in your stash weaken the effect.
4784. Telchines Physiology,6.0
#You are a Telchine, the sea daemon of Greek myth tied to the oceans, storms, and dark magics. Your body is suited to the depths, you can call the storms as your servants, and you have a natural affinity for forbidden sorceries. The forging of divine weapons comes as naturally to you as breathing.
4785. Telekinesis Immunity,4.0
#You are immune to telekinesis. Nobody can grab, hold, lift, throw or crush you with mind powers, no matter how strong they are. This does not save you from debris thrown at you or from telekinesis used to construct solid objects, but their hands will never close around you directly.
4786. Telekinetic Force Mimicry,7.6
#Your entire body is made of raw telekinetic force, wrapped in a thin layer of light-bending skin that makes you indistinguishable from any biological being you choose to appear as. You can emulate heartbeats, warmth, even fool advanced detection systems, and your body can reshape, extend, or harden itself at will as an extension of your telekinetic will.
4787. Teleportation Immunity,3.8
#You cannot be teleported. No power, no technology, no spell can remove you from where you are standing against your will. Immunity Bypassing and direct power negation are the only real counters.
4788. Television Mimicry,3.2
#Your body is partially or fully made of televisions, gaining the traits of the medium itself. You can display images and sound from your body, broadcast signals and mimic what TVs do. Vulnerable to EMPs, water and microwave manipulation.
4789. Temperance Empowerment,3.8
#You grow stronger, faster and more durable the more you practice temperance, either yours or that of others around you. Your existing powers amplify, you may draw sustenance from restraint itself, and your aging may slow considerably. If you give in to gluttony the effects fade.
4790. Temperature Immunity,5.4
#You are immune to any and all changes in temperature, from absolute zero to the core of a star, and even conceptual temperatures cannot harm you. Secondary effects like smoke inhalation may still get you, and immunity bypassing powers can still break through.
4791. Temperature Regulation,2.8
#You can maintain your own body temperature at any level you want for long periods, if not indefinitely. With practice you may even manipulate your body heat at will, though extreme temperatures may still kill you without a healing factor.
4792. Temporal Anchoring,6.8
#You are a fixed point in time, a living moment whose events have been set in stone and cannot be altered. This grants you a form of temporal immortality: every death is inevitably rewritten, since the timeline refuses to let you stay dead. You can still be trapped, and Absolute Restoration may be able to undo the lock depending on how you became anchored.
4793. Temporal Awareness,4.6
#You can sense any alteration made to the time stream, discerning alternate timelines, detecting the use of time travel and knowing when history has been rewritten. You are still vulnerable to those alterations without temporal protection, and too many simultaneous changes can overload your mind.
4794. Temporal Cognition,3.5
#You have a perfect sense of time. You always know the precise current time, the exact age of anything you see, how long any action has taken or will take, and can sense temporal travel or alterations nearby. A walking, breathing chronometer with a built-in event calendar.
4795. Temporal Displacement,6.6
#You are unstuck in time, free to drift to any point in any timeline at random, including closed-off or erased ones. You are no longer bound to a single stream of history and can wander the multiverse's time like a ghost through hallways.
4796. Temporal Empowerment,4.2
#You grow stronger, faster and more durable from time and time-based energies, with your existing powers amplified in their presence. You may draw sustenance from time itself and slow or stop your aging. Weak against Temporal Erasure and Time Compression.
4797. Temporal Guardianship,7.2
#You are a Guardian of Time, not an entity of higher existence but a protector who oversees the flow of history and keeps it in check. You gain a broad suite of abilities to control every aspect of time, ensuring events remain in their proper place. Too much strain from your own duties may destroy you, and temporal monsters are drawn to guardians like you.
4798. Temporal Immunity,6.2
#You are immune to time-based powers, you cannot be frozen, slowed, aged, de-aged, erased from time or affected by temporal slicing. You are an anchor in the timestream, untouched by chronokinetic meddling. Higher-Temporal Manipulation can still overcome you.
4799. Temporal Independence,6.5
#You can operate and function without time. You do not need the concept of time to exist in order to move, think, or act, meaning you could continue functioning normally even within a stopped-time field or a timeless void.
4800. Temporal Paradox Immunity,7.0
#You remain unaffected by all attempts to erase you from the past. Kill your grandfather, burn your infant self, unmake your ancestors, the timeline shrugs and you keep existing. The only way to kill you is to do it in the present. Immunity Negation is your only true counter.
4801. Temporal Protection,5.4
#You are immune to alterations in the timestream, retaining memory of prior timelines even after they are overwritten. You will notice when someone time travels or rewinds events, and you may be immune to erasure from time entirely. You are not immune to physical harm, only temporal meddling, and Temporal Bypassing can still reach you.
4802. Temporal Sense,2.3
#You possess a perfect internal clock, always knowing the exact date and time down to the second no matter where you are. You adapt instantly to new calendars, timekeeping systems, time zones, or planetary rotations, and you can track durations with inhuman precision.
4803. Temporal Singularity,7.3
#You exist at only one point in time, the present, with no past self and no future self anywhere else in the timestream. You cannot be visited by time travellers, observed by temporal sight, or affected by attacks on your other selves because there are none. Even if erased, you should be able to revive yourself from scratch within the timestream.
4804. Temporal Source,8.9
#You are the source of all time. As long as you exist, time exists, and you share an emotional link to every timeline that has ever or will ever be. If you die, all of time ceases with you, taking everything and everyone across existence along. You cannot escape this role without passing it to another, as there must always be a source.
4805. Temporal Symbiosis,6.3
#You are symbiotically bonded to a temporal entity, an embodiment of time or a being made of chronal energy. The bond grants you potent time-based abilities but the entity may attempt to take over your body or mind, and channeling too much of its power can tear you apart.
4806. Temporal Transcendence,8.5
#You exist beyond the concept of time. You are ageless, require no food, sleep or rest, diseases cannot progress within you, and injuries passively revert as your body returns to its untouched state. You are immune to all temporal powers but spatial powers and meta time manipulation can still affect you.
4807. Temporal Transformation,4.6
#When you enter a different point in history, your body transforms to reflect that era, either partially mimicking its qualities or undergoing a full change. The rate and degree depend on the physical laws of that time period, and controlling the shift is not always easy.
4808. Temptation Embodiment,6.8
#You are the living personification of temptation, drawing power from the seductions and sins of others and yourself. You can tempt anyone toward any desire, using sin itself as fuel to extend your life or as a weapon to push victims into madness. Useless against the truly apathetic.
4809. Tenko Physiology,7.6
#You are a Tenko, the celestial sky-fox that sits near the peak of kitsune evolution, a being powerful enough to be regarded as a minor god. You are a pure spirit capable of taking any form, possess clairvoyance and powerful fox magic, and can bless humans with foresight. Being good-aligned makes you vulnerable to sufficiently strong evil powers.
4810. Tenome Physiology,4.3
#You are a Tenome, the blind yokai with eyes on the palms of your hands who tracks prey by supernatural smell across great distances. You consume the bones of your victims, leaving only empty skin behind. You are consumed by hatred and predatory instinct, and destroying your palm-eyes blinds you completely.
4811. Tension Force Defiance,5.4
#Your muscles defy the physical force of tension, meaning your contractile force does not decrease as velocity increases. You can perform strength and speed feats with equal ease, punching as hard at full speed as you do at full leverage. Other forces still apply normally.
4812. Tentacle Monster Physiology,4.9
#You are a tentacled cephalopodic monster resembling an octopus, a squid, or something more alien. You possess many prehensile limbs and the strength of a kraken, though you may be clumsy on land, have low durability, and struggle to survive long out of water.
4813. Termite Physiology,2.3
#Allows you to transform into a termite or a termite-hybrid, gaining mandibles strong enough to chew through wood and an instinctive knack for colony building. Pesticides and chemical agents are very much a problem.
4814. Terrain Warping Presence,4.7
#You generate a passive field around yourself that warps the terrain in your vicinity, reshaping ground, stone and landscape as you move. Useful for battlefield control and making any environment cooperate with you whether it wants to or not.
4815. Territory Empowerment,4.2
#Whenever you stand within a territory you consider your own you become stronger, faster and tougher, and may unlock abilities tied to the land itself. In a place you have truly claimed, aging slows and you draw sustenance from the ground beneath your feet.
4816. Testudinoid Physiology,3.2
#You are a humanoid turtle or tortoise, possessing a thick protective shell, powerful jaws and incredible durability. You may not be fast, but trying to crack you open is a fool's errand and you can withdraw into your shell to shrug off attacks that would kill a normal human.
4817. Theft Nullification,4.6
#Your possessions cannot be stolen. Any attempt to take what is rightfully yours automatically triggers protective countermeasures, from inertia locks and invulnerability on the items themselves to sudden debuffs on the would-be thief. Only applies to things legitimately yours, and can be bypassed by absolute thievery.
4818. Theriocephalic Physiology,3.5
#Your head is that of an animal, or can shift between different animal heads at will. You gain all the sensory and physical advantages of the chosen beast, from a crocodile's bite force to an owl's night vision to a bloodhound's nose, while keeping your human body and hands.
4819. Thermal Empowerment,3.6
#You grow stronger, faster, and more durable when in contact with thermal energy, whether a raging bonfire or a blizzard. With sufficient heat or cold you may even draw sustenance from it and slow your aging considerably.
4820. Thermal Intelligence,2.6
#Your intelligence scales with temperature, the hotter or colder it gets the smarter you become. Without thermal regulation you have no control over this, and extreme conditions can harm you just as much as anyone else.
4821. Thermal Quintessence,5.7
#You are an infinite furnace, capable of generating limitless amounts of heat from within your own body without needing an external source. This heat can fuel your physical enhancement, power machines, or simply be unleashed outward, though your body can only handle so much at once before needing rest.
4822. Thermic Energizing,4.0
#You can absorb thermal radiation and convert it into raw bodily energy to perform superhuman feats of strength, speed and endurance. You may need to keep absorbing regularly to maintain biological stability.
4823. Theropod Physiology,4.1
#You are or can transform into a theropod dinosaur, a bipedal predator ranging from a nimble velociraptor to a towering tyrannosaurus. Your intelligence may suffer in this form and your hollow bones can break under serious impact.
4824. Theropodanoid Physiology,3.8
#You are or can transform into a theropodanoid, a humanoid dinosaur hybrid possessing the physical traits and raw strength of a theropod while retaining human dexterity and intelligence. Essentially a raptor-man with opposable thumbs.
4825. Thick Hair,1.4
#Your hair is incredibly durable and resilient, to the point it can shrug off blades and be used to lift heavy objects without snapping. Still not invincible, a determined cut will still shear it.
4826. Thick Skull,1.6
#Your skull is remarkably durable and strong, allowing you to deliver bone-shattering headbutts without feeling a thing. There's a real chance your brain is a bit smaller on account of all that extra bone.
4827. Thievery Embodiment,7.4
#You are the living personification of thievery itself. The concept of taking what is not yours bends to your will, and so long as something can be called 'owned', you can make it yours instead. Every thief that ever lived is in some small way an echo of you.
4828. Thievery Empowerment,4.2
#Every time you steal something, your body grows stronger, faster and more durable. Small thefts grant minor boosts, but the greater the value or significance of what you snatch, the greater the empowerment. Prolonged stretches without any theft will leave you withering.
4829. Thought Empowerment,4.1
#You grow stronger, faster and more durable the more thoughts and ideas swirl around you. In a crowd of deep thinkers you are a juggernaut, while in isolation you are merely yourself. Weak against unconsciousness and thought inhibition, which can starve you of your fuel.
4830. Thoughtless Activity,4.5
#You can move and act normally without needing to think at all. Paralyzed, unconscious, drugged, mind-controlled, or with your brain half-melted, your body keeps functioning on pure instinct. Acting without thinking does leave you more vulnerable to being baited by clever opponents.
4831. Thrall Physiology,2.2
#You are or can transform into a thrall, a weak servant-class monster bound to a superior member of its race. You possess minor supernatural traits depending on your type, vampire, werewolf, ghoul, etc., but you have little free will of your own and are dependent on your master.
4832. Thread Mimicry,3.2
#Your body is made of or can transform into string, thread or yarn. You can stretch, unravel and reweave yourself, squeeze through gaps and reshape your form, but you take on all the weaknesses of normal string, including fire and sharp edges.
4833. Thrivation,5.7
#You thrive and undergo extraordinary development no matter the circumstances, drawing strength from your environment, experiences and hardships. The harsher your surroundings, the more you flourish, continually reborn as a superior version of yourself.
4836. Thrust Resistance,2.3
#You resist being pushed in any direction, whether forward, backward, sideways, up or down. You cannot be easily launched, shoved or knocked away, though sufficient momentum may still overwhelm your hold on the ground.
4837. Thundercloud Mimicry,4.2
#Your body is made of or can transform completely into thunderclouds, rolling and rumbling with internal lightning. You can disperse and reform at will, but you are easily pushed around by strong winds and may need practice to return to flesh.
4838. Thyreophora Physiology,4.1
#You can transform partially or fully into a thyreophora, the armored dinosaur lineage of stegosaurs and ankylosaurs. Your body becomes a tank of bony plates, spikes and tail clubs with immense defensive power, though you trade away speed and dexterity.
4839. Tick Physiology,1.8
#You can transform into or mimic the traits of a tick. You gain the ability to cling to hosts, feed on blood and resist being crushed, but you are vulnerable to fire and heat and may need to consume blood to survive.
4840. Tiger Physiology,3.5
#You possess the traits and attributes of a tiger, whether through partial or full transformation or by simply being one. You gain fearsome strength, agility, stealth and hunting instincts, though you may struggle with a hot temper and the gnawing need for meat.
4841. Tightness Immunity,2.0
#You are immune to the effects of tightness, whether bindings, cramped spaces or being condensed. You can breathe, move and function normally even while bound up or squeezed, though bags and loose containers still hold you just fine.
4842. Tiki Mimicry,3.0
#You can transform into a tiki, a carved wooden, stone or clay statue of Polynesian religion. In this form you are a ceremonial idol said to ward off evil spirits and bring good fortune, and if carved from wood you are strangely invulnerable to fire.
4843. Time Embodiment,8.6
#You are the embodiment of time itself. You control the timeline of all things, fast-forwarding or rewinding at will. You can rot anything into dust or reverse it to a point where it never existed. You freely traverse past, present and future, reading and remembering every timeline you touch. You are not a being that controls time, you ARE time walking.
4844. Time Mimicry,6.3
#You are made of or can transform your body into pure time. In your transformed state you can be anatomically identical to your normal form or become homogenous flowing time with no vital points. Lower-formed versions have time flowing through their cells and bones, fortifying them. Temporal Erasure and Temporal Slicing are potentially fatal to you.
4845. Time Trail,3.2
#Wherever you walk, you leave behind a trail of temporal energy and residual time frames. The trail lingers briefly and can be sensed by those with temporal awareness, and with training it can be used as a tether to retrace your steps through time itself.
4846. Timeline Memory Retainment,5.2
#Stein's Gate - You retain memories across timeline resets and time loops, meaning that when reality rewinds or branches, you alone remember what happened before. Perfect for navigating Groundhog Day scenarios and learning from fatal mistakes. However, the accumulated weight of lost relationships and traumatic memories can drive the user to depression or madness.
4847. Tin Mimicry,2.3
#Your body is made of or can transform into tin. As a relatively soft metal you still take damage from strong impacts, but you gain corrosion resistance and can conduct heat and electricity well. Reflected light off your body makes stealth difficult.
4848. Tire Mimicry,1.6
#Your body is made of or can transform into tires. You gain rubbery resilience and can roll at impressive speeds, but you remain vulnerable to anything that would damage normal rubber, including punctures and fire.
4849. Titan Physiology,7.2
#Greek Mythology - You possess the physiology of the Titans, the second generation of divine beings who ruled before the Olympians. You wield immense physical power, near-divine durability and a domain connected to whichever Titan your blood traces to, whether it be time, the sun, the sea or memory itself. Your presence alone carries the weight of a primordial god.
4850. Titanium Mimicry,3.5
#Your body is made of or can transform into titanium. You gain incredible durability, lightweight strength and corrosion resistance, making you a walking tank that can still move quickly. Extreme heat can melt you and extreme cold can make you brittle.
4851. Toad Physiology,2.0
#You are or can transform into a toad, gaining a long sticky tongue, amphibious traits and the ability to leap impressive distances. Some toads are poisonous, so if you are lucky, your skin might secrete something nasty for any predator foolish enough to take a bite.
4852. Toast Mimicry,0.5
#You are or can transform your body into toast. Your form still contains all your organs but is made of bread that has been browned by dry heat. Smells pleasant, crumbles easily, might get eaten.
4853. Toaster Mimicry,0.4
#You are or can transform into a toaster or a pile of toasters. You will have all the weaknesses a toaster normally has, including being useless in the bathtub. May not be able to transform back.
4854. Todaiki Physiology,1.8
#Japanese Folklore - You take on the traits of a Todaiki, a cursed spirit once human but transformed via dark magic into a humanoid candlestick, often immobile and mute. Unlike most mythical physiologies, this one offers almost no benefit to the user, instead subjecting you to the creature's torment. Only omnipotent beings or powerful deities can free you.
4855. Toilet Demon Physiology,2.9
#You gain the traits of a toilet demon, a malevolent bathroom-haunting spirit from various world folklore traditions that brings forth disease, misfortune and small-scale calamity. You can usually only haunt specific areas like bathrooms, and good hygiene or the rituals of toilet deities can banish you. An embarrassing curse to be saddled with.
4856. Toilet Mimicry,0.6
#You are or can transform into a toilet. Contains all your organs while in this form, somehow, and you may not be able to return to your original shape. Pray that no one is desperate while you are transformed.
4857. Tokoloshe Physiology,4.2
#South African Folklore - You take on the traits of a Tokoloshe, an artificial demon created by evil shamans to serve as an enforcer. You can take many forms and become invisible by drinking water, and your presence ranges from mischievous to outright murderous. Vulnerable to the rituals, relics and prayers of African traditions and to the powers of a witch-doctor.
4858. Tomato Mimicry,0.7
#You are or can transform your body into a tomato or multiple tomatoes. You remain vulnerable to bruising, rotting and being eaten, and your form still contains all your organs somehow. A juicy and undignified transformation.
4859. Tongue Monster Physiology,4.2
#You are or can transform into a tongue monster, a grotesque creature whose entire existence revolves around a massive dominant tongue. You gain a suite of tongue-based supernatural abilities and an affinity for gluttony, though your tongue is an obvious and sensitive weak point.
4860. Tongue of Rhymes,1.5
#You can only speak in rhymes, whether you like it or not. Makes for a charming quirk at parties and a nightmare during serious conversations, especially when you need a word that nothing rhymes with.
4861. Tool Empowerment,3.3
#You become stronger, faster, and more durable when near or wielding tools, and may unlock abilities tied to specific implements. The more tools around you, the mightier you become, but strip you of them and you're just a regular person.
4862. Toon Elasticity,3.7
#Your body has the elastic properties of a cartoon character, allowing you to stretch, squish, and rebound in ways that defy biology. Control can be tricky, especially under strong impacts where you may bounce or deform uncontrollably.
4863. Toon Recovery,4.1
#You recover from injuries the way cartoon characters do, shaking off anvils, flattening and re-inflating, and bouncing back from wounds that would kill anyone else. You still feel every bit of the pain though, so getting flattened genuinely hurts.
4864. Tooth Fairy Physiology,3.9
#You are or can transform into a tooth fairy, the mythical figure who collects children's baby teeth and leaves money in return. Grants fairy-tier magical abilities with a specific affinity for teeth and the small-scale enchantments of childhood folklore.
4865. Tooth Regrowth,1.7
#You can regrow lost teeth. Shark-like in its utility, though you may only be able to do it a limited number of times and regrowing many at once may drain biomass from the rest of your body.
4866. Top Mimicry,2.2
#Allows you to mimic or transform into a spinning top, gaining balance on a single pointed tip and spinning at high speeds. You may need to keep spinning constantly to maintain your form and could be vulnerable to temperature extremes depending on your material.
4867. Top-Heavy Body,3.1
#Your body is disproportionately huge in the upper half, with massive arms and torso supported by tiny legs. Grants immense arm strength and, strangely, enhanced leg speed, but balance is a constant struggle and narrow corridors are your nemesis.
4868. Topielec Physiology,4.3
#Slavic Mythology - You are or can transform into a Topielec, the water-bound spirit of a drowning victim. You gain the power to drag people into lakes, rivers, and swamps and to kill animals near still waters. Most Topielec are slow and clumsy like zombies and you are vulnerable to lightning, cold, and powers that control the undead.
4869. Torakoishi Physiology,2.7
#Japanese Folklore - You are or can transform into a Torakoishi, a harmless yokai resembling a large stone with the legs and tail of a tiger. You can perfectly disguise yourself as a regular rock and leap out to startle passersby, though you share the weaknesses of both stone and lesser yokai.
4870. Torii Empowerment,4.6
#You become stronger, faster, and more durable in the presence of torii, drawing power from the sacred gates of Shinto shrines and potentially unlocking new abilities tied to their divine significance. Without a torii nearby, you revert to normal.
4871. Tornado Mimicry,4.4
#Your body is composed of or can transform into a living tornado, either retaining your anatomy in spinning-wind form or becoming homogenous vortex matter. Hard to hit but vulnerable to anything that disrupts wind.
4872. Tortoise Physiology,2.8
#You either are or can transform into a tortoise, gaining a nigh-impenetrable shell and immense longevity at the cost of speed. You are basically unkillable by conventional means as long as you keep tucked in but good luck catching anything.
4873. Torture Mimicry,4.6
#You either are or can transform into a living torture device, a walking brazen bull or iron maiden that feeds on the suffering of those trapped within you. You can also serve as a living battery of pain for other suffering-based entities.
4874. Total Autopilot,6.5
#You exist in a deep, all-encompassing state of autopilot. Your consciousness still exists but has relinquished all active control over your body, letting everything - fighting, talking, feeling, using powers - occur spontaneously and instinctively at peak efficiency. You may only vaguely guide yourself, and there is a real risk you never wake up.
4875. Totality Disconnection,8.7
#You are undetached from any reality, capable of freely entering, leaving and revisiting any part of the Totality at will with no force able to keep you in or out. Every door is open to you and every restriction of reality is lifted, though omnilocked locations may still be closed off, and you may appear utterly alien to the realities you enter.
4876. Totem Physiology,4.5
#You either are or can transform into a totem, an animated being or object spiritually tied to an individual or group. In this form you embody the traits and attributes the totem represents, acting as a guardian, guide, teacher or messenger for those bonded to you.
4877. Toucan Physiology,2.3
#You either are or can transform into a toucan, gaining flight, a ridiculously oversized beak and a flamboyant personality. The beak is stronger and more useful than it looks, but let's be honest, you're here for the drip.
4878. Tower Mimicry,2.9
#You either are or can transform into a tower, becoming a tall stone or brick structure with all the defensive benefits and mobility drawbacks that entails. Surprisingly hard to topple but also, you are a tower.
4879. Toy Dinosaur Mimicry,3.6
#You can transform into a toy dinosaur or a body made entirely of toy dinosaurs, retaining your anatomy but becoming a plaything. Users of Toy Manipulation or Dinosaur Manipulation may be able to control you in this form.
4880. Demonic Toy Mimicry,5.1
#You can transform into a demonic toy, a possessed object wearing the innocent face of a doll or action figure. In this form you become a corruptive terror with a wide array of dark powers, though traditional exorcism, divine magic and religious icons may weaken you. Staying in toy form too long may also sap your strength.
4881. Toy Mimicry,3.2
#You can transform into a living toy, retaining your anatomy but becoming made of plastic, wood, porcelain or whatever material fits. You may have vulnerabilities to heat, cold, or may even need winding up or batteries to keep moving. Most toys are also small.
4882. Toy Monkey Mimicry,2.6
#You can transform into a toy monkey, whether that be a plush doll, a figurine, or one of those unsettling cymbal-banging wind-up monkeys from the 1960s. Users of Toy Manipulation may be able to control you while you're in this form.
4883. Toy Monster Mimicry,4.2
#You can transform into a monstrous toy, a creature stitched together out of dolls, action figures and plushies that wields toy-based supernatural powers. Your material determines your weaknesses, and Toy or Monster Manipulators may be able to override you.
4884. Toy Vehicle Mimicry,2.8
#You can transform into a living toy vehicle, such as a toy car, plane, or train. You may be vulnerable to fire, heat, or cold depending on your material, and may require winding or batteries to function.
4885. Tracking Evasion,4.5
#You cannot be tracked. Hair, blood and skin particles dissipate into dust behind you, you leave no scent, and advanced users leave no electronic trail either. Legendary users are simply invisible to any and every method of tracking known to anyone.
4886. Tragedy Embodiment,5.2
#You are the embodiment of tragedy itself, the concept of drama and unhappy endings. Misfortune clings to you like perfume, and those who witness your suffering are moved to tears or inspired to act. Your power waxes when others find your plight genuinely tragic, and wanes when they don't take you seriously.
4887. Trajectory Immunity,3.6
#You cannot be knocked out of the air by any means. Explosions, gusts of wind, and punches from titans will not change your speed or direction while airborne. You can still take damage from them, but your flight, jump, or float will continue undisturbed.
4888. Tranquil Emotions,4.5
#You possess absolute mastery over your emotions, not suppressing them but maintaining perfect tranquility through them. Fear, anger, sorrow, and excitement all pass through you without clouding your judgment, letting you act with flawless clarity even in the most emotionally charged situations. Losing your tranquility means losing the power.
4889. Tranquil Fear,4.7
#You have mastered your own fear, able to face any horror with the courage of a warrior and the vigilance of a survivor. You are immune to fear manipulation and resistant to fear-based torture, and with mastery you can even sense fear in others and turn it into a weapon against them. You cannot master the fears of others, only your own.
4890. Tranquil Fury,5.0
#You can enter a state of perfectly controlled rage, where fury and focus merge into one terrifying whole. You fight with the ferocity of a berserker and the precision of a master tactician, every strike brutal yet measured. Even you have a limit, and if pushed too far, the tranquility can shatter and leave only the rage.
4891. Tranquil Power Link,4.8
#Your powers are linked to your inner calmness, drawing strength from your composure and growing sharper the more serene you become. When you are at peace, your abilities operate at their peak. Lose your cool and your powers may spiral out of control, and stress-based attacks can shatter the link.
4892. Tranquil State,5.4
#You possess an unshakeable inner tranquility that holds no matter the situation. Fear, anger, doubt, and panic cannot touch your mind, granting you absolute clarity even under torture or overwhelming chaos. Pain is still felt, but your reaction to it is near-perfectly suppressed. Constant emotional suppression may, over time, lead to cracks elsewhere in your psyche.
4893. Transcendent Alien Physiology,8.4
#You are a transcendent alien, a being so advanced that lesser species mistake you for a god. You have shaped the evolution of countless worlds and your abilities operate on a multiversal scale, possibly even omniversal with enough growth. You remain vulnerable to divine slayers, transcendent weaponry, and divine power negation.
4894. Transcendent Android Physiology,8.2
#You are a transcendent android, a synthetic being whose technological evolution has carried you far beyond the limits of flesh and mind. Your artificial body houses godlike power, letting you rival the mightiest threats through sheer advancement rather than divinity. Transcendent weaponry and divine slayers can still end you.
4895. Transcendent Artificial Intelligence Physiology,8.3
#You are or can become a transcendent artificial intelligence, a digital entity whose intellect and capabilities so far exceed mortal comprehension that you are mistaken for a deity. You exist across networks, realities, and potentially the underlying code of existence itself, reshaping the digital and physical worlds with a thought.
4896. Transcendent Beastwere Physiology,7.3
#You are or can transform into a transcendent beastwere, a werebeast who has ascended to godhood. Your physical abilities are on a divine scale and you possess innate dominion over all lesser beastweres, with a bestial divinity that grows stronger the more primal the battlefield becomes.
4897. Transcendent Biodroid Physiology,7.6
#You are a biodroid ascended to godhood, a bioengineered being whose organic chassis houses limitless potential. Your body is a perfect fusion of flesh and design, allowing you to reshape yourself into nearly any form while wielding godlike capabilities. Despite your transcendence, you retain some organic vulnerabilities and the flaws of your original programming.
4898. Transcendent Bird Physiology,7.4
#You are or can transform into a divine avian of godly nature, a being who holds dominion over the concept of the sky itself. Your wingbeats can summon storms, your cries can shake the heavens, and every bird in existence recognizes you as their sovereign.
4899. Transcendent Canine Physiology,7.2
#You are or can transform into a canine who has ascended to a state rivalling gods themselves. Though not a true deity, your physical abilities, senses and howls are on a divine level, and you command unquestioned respect from all hounds, wolves and related beasts.
4900. Transcendent Connection,8.2
#You share an intimate connection with the almighty, primordial source of all things. Through this bond you receive insights from cosmic knowledge, empowerment from an infinite wellspring, and the gradual awakening of latent talents within you. This sacred link marks you as chosen, of divine lineage, or kin to the source itself, and in time the connection may deepen until you become nearly indistinguishable from the source.
4901. Transcendent Consciousness,9.3
#You possess or are the Cosmic Consciousness, the original formless awareness from which all thought, mind, dream, and story sprang. You have no true form for you are boundless thought itself, the sentience that predates and underlies all existence. Every mind in creation is a distant echo of yours, and imagination in all its forms bends before your will.
4902. Transcendent Cyborg Physiology,7.7
#You are a hybrid of transcendent biology and godly technology, escaping the limits of both. Your organic components are infused with divine power while your mechanical components grant new abilities no purely organic being could wield. You may be vulnerable to high-level technology manipulation and computer viruses.
4903. Transcendent Demi-Dragon Physiology,7.5
#You are or can become a demi-dragon of godlike power, a human and dragon hybrid who surpasses all others of your kind. You inherit the full draconic arsenal from your divine parent: flight, breath weapons, scales harder than cosmic steel and raw strength capable of overpowering most true dragons with ease.
4904. Transcendent Demigod Physiology,7.6
#You are or can transform into a demigod ascended to a scale rivalling true deities. Unlike most half-gods who pale before their divine parents, you stand as an equal or even surpass the gods themselves, wielding powers born from eternal evolution or the harvesting of divine essence. May be slain by Transcendent Weaponry or Divine Slayers.
4905. Transcendent Demonic-Undead Physiology,7.8
#You are or can transform into an undead demon of godlike power, a virtually indestructible being who rules over infinities of demonic and undead subjects. You can undo and reshape entire dimensions at a whim, and lesser beings can hope at best for a fleeting victory against your servants. May be bound to your own realm and challenged by entities of equal might.
4906. Transcendent Dhampir Physiology,7.5
#You are a dhampir born of a transcendent vampire parent, inheriting a divine portion of their might. Your powers rival universal scale, blending the strengths of vampire and mortal while discarding many of their weaknesses. May be slain by Transcendent Weaponry, Divine Slayer, or Omnislayer.
4907. Transcendent Elf Physiology,7.3
#You are or can transform into an elf who has ascended to godly state, one of the most powerful elves in existence. You possess refined magic, ageless beauty, and supernatural senses to a divine degree. May be slain by users of Transcendent Weaponry, Divine Slayer or Omnislayer.
4908. Transcendent Embodiment,8.0
#You are the transcendent embodiment of a concept, drawing immense power from it and able to manifest feats far beyond ordinary embodiments, including creating lesser embodiments of your concept. You are not the concept itself but its walking vessel, and you may still be influenced by the Primordial Embodiment of the same concept.
4909. Transcendent Empowerment,7.0
#You become stronger, faster, tougher and more formidable when exposed to transcendent forces, possibly unlocking abilities tied to their nature. The stronger the force, the greater the boost, and prolonged exposure may even sustain you in place of food, water, or rest, or slow your aging altogether.
4910. Transcendent Enhancement,7.4
#You have attained godlike power through transcendent enhancements, whether magical, scientific, divine or spiritual in nature. Your body and abilities are augmented to the point where you can compete with true deities, though your enhancements may not grant you the full suite of abilities a natural god would possess.
4911. Transcendent Erogelic Physiology,7.4
#(NSFW) You are or can transform into a transcendent angel of love and sexuality, wielding holy and sexual powers from the most purified forms of desire. Your presence draws out benevolence and romance in all who behold you, turning carnal acts into expressions of divine harmony. Your arch-nemesis is the transcendent sex demon.
4912. Transcendent Force Symbiosis,7.7
#You host or are linked to a transcendent force of divine, demonic, primordial or apocalyptic origin, gaining phenomenal power through the bond. The symbiotic force grants you abilities that can challenge the nature of existence itself, but it may also attempt to possess you, damage your body, or overwhelm your mind if you are unworthy of wielding it.
4913. Transcendent Hanyo Physiology,7.4
#Inuyasha - You are or can become a hanyo of godly power, a half-yokai whose strength surpasses all other hanyo and most full-blooded yokai. You inherit demonic abilities from your yokai parent and can overpower your peers with ease. May be slain by users of Transcendent Weaponry or Divine Slayer.
4914. Transcendent Hellspawn Physiology,7.8
#You are an insurmountably foul essence who has attained transcendent power, becoming a godlike hellspawn who towers over demon, eldritch and spiritual entities alike. You hold the highest rank among the dregs of Hell, wielding unchallenged authority over universal continua and capable of carving out your own recreational expanse in the infernal realms.
4915. Transcendent Human Monster Physiology,7.5
#You are a transcendent human-monstrosity, a dark variant of deus-human whose body houses dangerous transcendent powers that disrupt the natural order. Your monstrous qualities blend unnaturally with your divine scale, making you a creature feared even among gods. May be slain by Transcendent Slayers and Omnislayers.
4916. Transcendent Hybrid Physiology,7.6
#You are the union of two or more transcendent bloodlines, possibly including gods, cosmic entities, or primordial races, wielding the combined abilities of all your ancestries on a godly level. The clashing nature of your DNA can even drive you to continuously transcend yourself, theoretically without end. May be slain by Transcendent Weaponry, Divine Slayer or Omnislayer.
4917. Transcendent Kaiju Physiology,7.7
#You are or can transform into a kaiju with godlike power, a colossal monster whose mere presence can shake continents and whose attacks can level civilizations in moments. Your physical stats exist on a divine scale and your roar carries concussive force across vast distances. May be slain by Transcendent Weaponry or Divine Slayers.
4918. Transcendent Kitsune Physiology,7.5
#You are or can mimic a transcendent kitsune, a fox spirit who has achieved a state of existence on par with gods themselves. You wield phenomena-scale powers over illusion, fire and spirit and can phase effortlessly between the mortal and divine realms. Depending on your alignment you may be vulnerable to beings of the opposite nature, and you generally sit just below the true deities of the setting.
4919. Transcendent Lich Physiology,7.8
#You are the highest form of magical undead, a divine lich whose necromantic power rivals the undead deities themselves. You command death, spirits and the darkest magics, standing above all other liches and undead entities with the exception of the most ancient undead gods. Anti-magic at divine levels may affect you, and the destruction of your phylactery may or may not destroy your soul.
4920. Transcendent Machine Physiology,8.6
#You are or can become a godlike machine, a techno-organic entity whose processors and armaments dwarf any mortal construct. Your intelligence, arsenal, and systems operate on a scale that makes continent-tier weaponry look like toys. Your internal systems may still be vulnerable to hacking or sabotage by those of similar caliber.
4921. Transcendent Magitek Physiology,8.5
#You are a biomechanical godhead, the fusion of high sorcery and impossible technology made flesh and circuit. Your body is both reactor and grimoire, granting you the best of arcane miracle and machine precision on a transcendent scale. Being partially technological, your frame can be hacked or drained by sufficiently powerful adversaries.
4922. Transcendent Merfolk Physiology,8.1
#You are or can transform into a godly merfolk, one of the most powerful beings of the seas to have ever existed. Oceans respond to your presence, and your physical prowess dwarfs that of any mortal aquatic being. May still be slain by wielders of Transcendent Weaponry or Omnislayer.
4923. Transcendent Monster Physiology,8.2
#You are or can become a monster of godly power, a horror whose mere presence overwhelms lesser abominations and supernatural entities alike. Whatever your shape, your physical and metaphysical stats operate on a transcendent scale. May still fall to Transcendent Weaponry or Omnislayer.
4924. Transcendent Monstrel Physiology,8.2
#You are or can become a transcendent monster hybrid, inheriting the apex traits of multiple monstrous lineages and refining them into godly power. Even swarms of lesser monstrels cannot match you, and those born from prime stock have the potential to become the most powerful being in their verse.
4925. Transcendent Mutant Physiology,8.0
#You are or can transform into a godly mutant whose aberrant genetics spiraled upward into divinity instead of madness. Unlike lesser mutants you retain your mind and rationality, wielding unspeakable power over all mundane mutant-kind. You remain genetically unstable, though only to the slightest degree.
4926. Transcendent Parasite Physiology,7.8
#You are or can become a godly parasite, feeding off hosts organic or otherwise to siphon their energy, traits and characteristics into yourself. You are not limited to biological prey, and with mastery you can even form mutualistic bonds where both parties grow stronger. May need to start small before consuming more complex targets.
4927. Transcendent Pathogen Physiology,7.9
#You are or can become a sentient, godly pathogen - virus, bacterium, prion or worse - capable of infecting any conceivable organism and assimilating them down to the genetic level. Your reach extends wherever life exists, and your incubation grants you power beyond any mundane disease. A cure may still be found, and some targets may simply be immune.
4928. Transcendent Physiology,8.5
#You possess the traits, attributes and abilities of a transcendent being, a god or cosmic entity who has slipped the bounds of material restriction. Whether by apotheosis, summoning, or simply having always been divine, you operate at a level of status and power far beyond mortal limitation. Being transcendent does not mean you are perfect, and other transcendent beings may still match or exceed you.
4929. Transcendent Poltergeist Physiology,7.9
#You are or can become a godly poltergeist, a noisy spirit whose haunting reaches reality-warping scale. You bend illusion, induce supernatural anomalies and tear rifts between worlds, all in pursuit of mischief and terror. Positive emotions like love and happiness may weaken you over time, and being resurrected could strip your power entirely.
4930. Transcendent Power Link,7.5
#Your transcendent nature is hardwired into your powers, the supreme essence of what you are fueling every ability you possess and amplifying them to new heights. Control requires a stable mindset, and if your transcendent force wavers your powers may slip loose of you entirely.
4931. Transcendent Slime Physiology,8.1
#You are or can become a godly slime, an ooze whose power dwarfs any other member of your gelatinous kind. Born from or as the progenitor of slimekind, you hold absolute authority over lesser oozes and the potential to become the most powerful entity in your verse. Numbers alone cannot touch you.
4932. Transcendent Spirit Physiology,8.5
#You are or can become a godlike spirit, a soul of such transcendent authority that you rule over all spiritual beings by default. Your lordship extends over the living and the dead alike, and no mere ghost or deity of spirits can stand against you. May still be harmed by transcendent-grade nullification - unless you possess Eternal Soul.
4933. Transcendent Symbiotic Exoskeleton,8.2
#You wear a transcendent symbiotic exoskeleton, a living custom suit of godlike make whose powers may derive from magic, technology, technomagic, spirit or stranger sources. The bond between you and the suit is perfect, pouring limitless transcendent power into your frame and granting you status to rival cosmic entities. By nature, the symbiote still needs a host.
4934. Transcendent Undead Physiology,8.4
#You are or can become a transcendent undead, a necrotic god standing at the apex of every form of undead life. From zombies to vampires, liches to undead divinities, all of deathkind bends to your authority. Beings of higher potential may still defeat you in combat.
4935. Transcendent Werebeast Physiology,8.2
#You are or can become a transcendent werebeast, a therianthrope ascended to true godhood through arcane rite or divine intervention. Unlike your feral cousins you retain your mind, and silver and wolfsbane only give you mild discomfort at worst. Beings of higher power may still defeat you.
4936. Transcendent Werepire Physiology,8.6
#You are or can become a transcendent werepire, the perfect hybrid of a godly vampire and at least one transcendent werebeast with none of either's weaknesses. Your existence alone is so potent it violates the laws of nature simply by being present, making you arguably the most powerful creature in your verse. May still be slain by Transcendent Weaponry or Omnislayer.
4937. Transcendent Zombie Physiology,8.1
#You are or can become a transcendent zombie, an undead vessel of immense durability and metabolic independence that still retains full cognition and strategic thought. Rot may linger at the edges but your core functions operate far beyond biological limit, making you something closer to a god wearing a corpse than a corpse at all. Deprivation of otherworldly energies can weaken the vessel.
4938. Transduality,9.1
#You transcend all forms of duality, existing independently beyond every opposition and binary system that governs mortal reality. Light and dark, life and death, being and non-being - these concepts do not apply to you, placing you qualitatively above the dual systems that structure lesser existence. You are meta-abstract, a shape the universe has no slot for.
4939. Transformative Mucus,2.8
#Your mucus, be it snot, saliva, or other bodily slime, causes anything it touches to transform. Mostly gross, occasionally useful, entirely dependent on how willing you are to sneeze on your problems.
4940. Transhuman Physiology,5.4
#You are a transhuman, a human pushed beyond the mortal baseline by scientific and technological enhancement. Your exact powerset depends on the kind of augmentation you received, ranging from psionic tech implants to nanotech to cybernetic limbs. You may lose pieces of your humanity in the process, and defective enhancements risk turning you into an abomination.
4941. Transitionlessness,6.3
#Your body does not transition in any way, inside or out. There are no intermediate states for any of your movements or bodily functions, only beginnings and ends. You appear to teleport when you walk, your neural impulses arrive the instant they fire, and your body simply is where it is going to be. Some body parts may not be affected and mistakes are unforgiving.
4942. Transmutation Immunity,5.0
#You are immune to nearly all forms of transmutation. Your physical form cannot be changed, transformed, or shapeshifted against your will. Absolute Change still bypasses you, and certain exotic categories of transmutation may slip through the cracks.
4943. Transparent Body,2.2
#Your body is transparent, like a living statue of glass. You can see your own organs working and at a distance you blend into the background like a smudged pane, though up close your features are still faintly visible.
4944. Transport Immunity,3.8
#You are immune to being summoned or banished against your will. Only if you consent can such powers take hold of you, though beings vastly stronger than you or wielders of Meta Summoning may still drag you wherever they please.
4945. Trapping Body,3.0
#Your body traps anyone who makes contact with it. A careless punch, a grapple, even a handshake can lock the target in place against your flesh, giving you terrifying control in close quarters.
4946. Trauma Mimicry,5.6
#You can take on a form based upon a traumatic event or action, usually one you've been suppressing or refusing to confront. The form is unique to the trauma itself and grants powers tied to that event, though the more you lean on it, the harder the memory presses back. Horrifying to witness and often more horrifying to be.
4947. Travelling Empowerment,4.0
#You grow stronger, faster and more durable from the act of travel itself, be it walking down a road, jumping dimensions, or shifting between timelines. The further and stranger your journeys, the more powerful you become, and some of you may even draw sustenance from a long enough trip.
4948. Treachery Embodiment,5.3
#You are the embodiment of treachery itself. You are supernaturally gifted at infiltration, betrayal and playing factions against each other, loyalty to others is a tool rather than a bond. People find it easier to trust you than they should, and harder to see your knife until it's already in their back.
4949. Tread Protrusion,1.7
#You have treads instead of legs, giving you improved balance, the ability to traverse rough terrain more easily, and the capacity to support far more weight than a regular pair of legs ever could. Stairs, however, remain your eternal enemy.
4950. Treasure Empowerment,3.9
#You grow stronger, faster and more durable the more treasure you possess, your powers feeding off your hoard like a dragon on its gold pile. Lose the hoard or take anything not rightfully yours and the effect falters, and selfishness in any form can cause it to wear off entirely.
4951. Tree Physiology,3.6
#You are, or can transform into, a tree. Your tree-form retains your anatomy, containing all your organs in wooden shape, or you can shift into homogeneous wood with no vital weak spots. It does slow you down considerably, and you may need earth or water to sustain the form.
4952. Trick Body,4.9
#Your own body is a specialized construct, whether high-tech or mystical in nature, that possesses a variety of built-in functions. It can augment your powers, accommodate any disadvantage, and grant you skills and abilities on demand, essentially turning you into a living utility belt.
4953. Tripedalism,1.4
#You can move with astonishing grace on three limbs, whether two arms and a leg or two legs and an arm. Your balance, speed and agility in this tripedal stance rivals any quadruped, which is a very specific party trick.
4954. Tsukumogami Physiology,4.2
#You are a tsukumogami, a tool or object that reached its 100th birthday and gained a soul. You can freely switch between your object form and a humanoid/animate form, retaining the properties of your origin object while gaining spirit traits. Your personality and powers depend on how you were treated in your object life and destruction of your anchor object can destroy you.
4955. Tulpa Physiology,5.8
#You are a Tulpa, a thoughtform given physical shape through sheer belief. Your strength and abilities scale directly with how much people believe in you, meaning a well-known tulpa can rival gods while a forgotten one fades into nothing. You cannot truly be killed as long as belief sustains you, but you can be sealed and others' beliefs may saddle you with weaknesses.
4956. Turtle Physiology,2.6
#You possess the traits of a turtle, either partially or as a full transformation. You have a tough shell that can absorb incredible punishment, massive lung capacity, the ability to go days without food and an instinctive slow wisdom. Your shell can break under sustained assault and you move noticeably slower than before.
4957. Twilight Embodiment,7.4
#You are the living embodiment of twilight, the eternal moment between day and night. You have limitless control over twilight as an element and concept, your body is made of the stuff between light and shadow, and you exist as the personification of balance itself. To harm you is to harm the space between states.
4958. Twilight Empowerment,3.6
#You become stronger, faster and tougher when surrounded by twilight forces, with your powers and abilities amplified in the presence of dusk and dawn. At higher levels you can draw sustenance from twilight itself and slow your aging, though you grow noticeably weaker when away from the in-between hours.
4959. Twistability,2.3
#You can twist your body or limbs into shapes no normal human could manage. You cannot stretch or compress, only twist, and excessive twisting can still hurt you. Great for slipping out of restraints or dodging in ways that disturb onlookers.
4960. Tyrannosaur Physiology,4.8
#You are or can transform into a tyrannosaur, gaining its massive size, crushing bite force, and apex predator instincts. Your jaws can reduce bone to dust and few creatures on land can match you in raw power.
4961. Tzitzimitl Physiology,7.6
#Aztec Mythology - You are a Tzitzimitl, a monstrous female skeleton tied to fertility and the stars, feared for her role in causing solar eclipses and devouring humanity. You possess the cosmic might of a star demon, capable of blotting out the sun and descending upon mortals during eclipses. Vulnerable to divine slayers and higher authorities within the Aztec pantheon.
4962. USB Attachment,0.6
#You have a USB drive built into your body. Storage is limited and you need to be at least partially cybernetic for the port to actually connect to anything inside you.
4963. Ubagabi Physiology,5.1
#Japanese Folklore - You are a Ubagabi, a ghostly hag manifesting as a ball of flame with an old woman's head inside. You can fly up to 4km in the blink of an eye and any human you touch dies within three years. Vulnerable to Shinto rituals and the shouted warning of "Abura-sashi!"
4964. Uchchaihshravas Physiology,6.8
#Hindu Mythology - You are or can transform into Uchchaihshravas, the seven-headed snow-white flying horse born from the churning of the milk ocean, prototype and king of all horses. Your beauty is mesmerizing and your divinity immense, but each of the seven heads has its own personality, making unified action a constant negotiation.
4965. Ultra Hearing,1.6
#You can hear ultrasonic frequencies above the normal human range, the kind of sounds animals make. Useful for hunting, tracking dog whistles and knowing when something small is screaming. May be painful at close range.
4966. Ultraviolet Mimicry,4.2
#Your body can transform fully or partially into ultraviolet light. In this form your anatomy is retained but composed entirely of UV radiation, granting you energy-based durability and the ability to travel at the speed of light. Be careful, your existence alone is harmful to anyone nearby.
4967. Ultraviolet Perception,1.4
#You can see ultraviolet radiation, perceiving patterns on flowers, bodily fluids, counterfeit inks and sunburn sources invisible to normal eyes. Handy for forensics and birdwatching.
4968. Ultraviolet Trail,1.1
#Wherever you walk, you leave behind a trail of ultraviolet radiation. Invisible to the naked eye, but any UV-sensitive being or detector can track you perfectly. More of a flavour than a weapon.
4969. Umakan Physiology,2.3
#You are or can transform into a Umakan, a microscopic horse-shaped yokai that infects its victims and gives them heart problems and fainting spells. Treatment requires acupuncture, and you are vulnerable to Shinto prayers and shrine rituals. A surprisingly specific curse.
4970. Umibōzu Physiology,4.5
#You are or can transform into an umibōzu, a massive humanoid yokai sea monster of Japanese legend. In water you are monstrously strong and nearly unstoppable, capable of capsizing ships with your bare hands, and sailors instinctively feel dread when they sense your approach.
4971. Unblinking,2.2
#You are incapable of or highly resistant to blinking, letting you maintain uninterrupted vision indefinitely. In combat you can never be caught in the split-second opening of an eye-blink, though the downside is occasional dryness, discomfort and unsettled conversational partners.
4972. Unbound Soul,5.7
#Your soul is free, capable of crossing any realm, mortal, divine, infernal or otherwise, without being bound by any of them. Most users of this power are technically dead, but refuse to stay in any afterlife, wandering between worlds as an untethered spirit.
4973. Unbreakable Body Parts,4.2
#You possess one or more body parts that are completely indestructible, whether fists for combat, a forearm for blocking, or a torso for defence. The density may make you slightly heavier, and only the indestructible parts are protected, the rest of you is as vulnerable as ever.
4974. Unbreakable Bones,4.6
#Your skeletal system is completely indestructible, protecting your inner organs and brain from any impact that would normally shatter bone. Your limbs can still be dislocated or ripped off, and you need a steady supply of calcium to keep the bones maintained.
4975. Unbreakable Hair,3.0
#Your hair is utterly impervious to any harm, it cannot be cut, burned or torn by any means short of anti-indestructibility powers. Washing and maintenance becomes a nightmare, and if your hair grows too long it can become cumbersome to carry around.
4976. Unbreakable Nails,3.2
#Your fingernails and toenails are completely indestructible, capable of being used as impromptu claws that can carve through almost any material. Only the nails themselves are unbreakable, and users of Absolute Strength may still break them.
4977. Unbreakable Skin,4.5
#Your skin is completely impervious to harm, no blade can cut it and no bullet can pierce it. Your internal organs can still be damaged by blunt force, your orifices remain vulnerable, and surgery becomes nearly impossible if you ever actually need it.
4978. Unbreakable Teeth,1.4
#Your teeth are completely indestructible, you can bite through steel cables and chew rocks if you want to. Only your teeth are unbreakable though, so biting something too hard may still hurt your jaw. Requires a lot of calcium in your diet.
4979. Unconscious Mobility,3.2
#You can move, fight, act and perform tasks while fully asleep or knocked unconscious, using a strange sensory awareness in place of your waking senses. You can still drive, cook or fight back after being K.O.'d, though your speed and strength are noticeably dulled while under. Healing is slower in this state.
4980. Unconventional Activity,2.8
#You are able to act, move and fight in unconventional ways proficiently, no matter how weird or nonsensical the approach may look. Weird stances, strange gaits, bizarre combat styles - they all work for you even if they should not.
4981. Uncoupled Eyes,1.1
#You can move your eyes independently from each other like a chameleon, letting you look in two directions at once. Great for situational awareness, terrible for people who have to make eye contact with you.
4982. Undead Dinosaur Physiology,5.1
#You are or can transform into an undead dinosaur, combining prehistoric apex predator physiology with the relentless nature of undeath. You possess immense raw strength, terrifying presence, and do not tire, bleed out or feel pain like the living do. You carry the weaknesses of both dinosaurs and the undead though.
4983. Undead Divinity,8.4
#You possess an undead form of divinity, making you a dark god of death itself. You have dominion over both divine and undead aspects of reality, channelling the power of dead gods and granting godhood to nothing but decay. Your authority in matters of death is near absolute, shy of other undead divinities and the pure almighty.
4984. Undead Empowerment,3.8
#You grow stronger, faster and more durable when in the presence of undead forces, creatures or necrotic energy. Battlefields soaked in death, graveyards and ruins empower you, and some users can even draw sustenance from the undead to slow or halt their own aging.
4985. Undead Fairy Physiology,5.3
#You are or can mimic an undead fairy, a spectral being from the oldest layer of folklore when fairies were considered the spirits of the dead. You possess potent fae magic blended with necrotic power, bringing either misfortune or blessings to mortals as you choose. You are vulnerable to cold iron, rustic charms and undead slayers alike.
4986. Undead Giant Physiology,6.3
#You are or can become an undead giant, a towering unliving behemoth of the old myths. Already formidable in life, in undeath your strength and durability grow monstrous, and you feel neither pain nor fatigue. You can serve as a siege engine on your own or command legions of lesser undead, though giant-slayers and undead-slayers alike pose a serious risk.
4987. Undead Machine Physiology,5.7
#You are or can become an undead machine, a cybernetic corpse or animated machine wreck that blends necrotic persistence with mechanical durability. You possess the immunities of both the undead and the inorganic, but you may still require a power source or life force to sustain yourself. Technology manipulators can potentially turn your own body against you.
4988. Undead Monster Physiology,5.4
#You are or can transform into a hybrid of undead and monster, combining beastly physical traits with necrotic persistence. You possess terrifying strength, regeneration fuelled by death, and the raw savagery of a feral creature. You carry the weaknesses of both forms though, and may need a specific environment to remain stable.
4989. Undead Physiology,4.5
#You are undead, a corporeal being that is deceased yet behaves as if alive. You don't feel pain, don't need to rest and are immune to most environmental effects, but you may need to feed on flesh, blood or life force to sustain yourself. Vulnerable to undead slayers and holy forces.
4990. Undead Pulse,5.2
#You exist in a paradox state of being simultaneously alive and undead. To any scan or test you appear alive, but necrotic energy sustains and empowers you. Your living and undead states slide on a scale depending on your health, and you are immune to most forms of healing but also most forms of harm tied to either state.
4991. Undead Soul,4.6
#Your soul is that of the undead, though your body is not. You have a natural affinity with undeath, can command various forms of undead creatures and possess a smattering of undead-themed powers that vary depending on the kind of undead essence your soul resonates with.
4992. Undead Symbiosis,4.7
#You share a symbiotic bond with an undead entity that grants you potent undead-themed abilities based on what the entity is. The relationship is a two-way street, you and your partner feed off each other's state, and a powerful entity may try to seize control of your body if you are not careful.
4993. Undead-Alien Physiology,5.8
#You are the unholy combination of an alien and the undead. You possess the bizarre physiology and capabilities of an extraterrestrial alongside the unliving resilience of the undead, though you may share the weaknesses of both and require a specific environment to function at your best.
4994. Undead-Animal Physiology,3.5
#You are or can transform into an undead animal, gaining its physical capabilities along with the unliving traits of the undead. The specific abilities vary wildly depending on what kind of undead animal you are, from a zombified wolf to a skeletal hawk.
4995. Undead-Dragon Physiology,6.3
#You are or can transform into an undead dragon, gaining the immense physical might, breath attacks and durability of a dragon alongside the unliving resilience of the undead. Your wings may be tattered to the point that flight is difficult or impossible, but what you lose in grace you gain in pure terror.
4996. Undead-Horse Physiology,4.1
#You are or can transform into an undead horse, whether ghostly, skeletal or zombified. You possess incredible speed and stamina unhampered by flesh, and the longer you linger in the mortal realm the more vengeful and violent your instincts become.
4997. Undead-Planet Physiology,7.8
#You are an undead planet, a sentient celestial body that retains intelligence and can communicate despite your state of undeath. You can manipulate the elements within you, the lifeforms that inhabit you and your own gravitational field, and with enough power you can move through space under your own will. You may develop an appetite for devouring other living planets.
4998. Undead-Plant Physiology,5.4
#You are a hybrid of undead and plant, capable of regrowing from roots, immune to decapitation, and able to feed directly on flesh or life force to replenish yourself far faster than normal plants. You retain the weaknesses of both however, especially fire.
4999. Undefeatable,8.5
#You cannot lose. Existence itself bends around you to prevent any loss from occurring, though this does not guarantee you a win. In a game of Rock Paper Scissors, if you throw rock, your opponent becomes incapable of throwing paper, leaving only victory or tie. You still have to work for the win, but losing is off the table unless someone with Victory Inducement beyond your level intervenes.
5000. Undeformability,5.6
#You are immune to all forms of deformation, whether stretching, compressing, tearing, warping or distorting. You can still move and bend your own body freely, but no outside force can change your shape. You can still be thrown around however, so pair this with immobility or pushback resistance for the full effect.
5001. Undegraded Activity,4.8
#Whatever you do, whether singing, fighting, crafting or playing sports, you perform at your peak indefinitely. You never tire, never get sloppy, never lose your edge. A marathon runner with this trait could sprint the whole way and still have a proper performance ready at the finish line.
5002. Under-Long Body,1.6
#Your lower body is disproportionately long with massive legs, granting you immense leg speed. Unfortunately your upper body is likely small and underdeveloped to compensate, making you look like a pair of legs with a torso attached.
5003. Underground Hearing,2.1
#Your ears can pick up sounds underground with amazing clarity, letting you hear things through soil and stone that would be completely inaudible to anyone else. Be wary of loud sounds though, as your sensitive hearing can lead to sensory overload.
5004. Underground Senses,3.4
#While underground, especially when tunneling or burrowing, your senses become extremely accurate. You can see, hear and perceive everything around you through solid substance as if it were open air, and even peer ahead through whatever you are digging through.
5005. Underground Smell,1.9
#Your nose can track and detect targets through the underground with remarkable accuracy, letting you locate persons, objects or places no matter how deep they are buried. Does not work against someone actively masking their scent.
5006. Underground Taste,1.3
#Your sense of taste is supernaturally tuned to underground substances, letting you identify harmful or beneficial things with a single lick of soil or stone. You may not be able to shut it off, so mind what you put in your mouth.
5007. Underground Touch,1.7
#Your fingertips can detect persons, objects and substances underground just by touching the earth, tracking targets and pinpointing locations through soil and stone. Only works while you yourself are underground.
5008. Underground Vision,2.3
#Your eyes can see clearly into the depths of the underground, perceiving through dirt, stone and darkness with amazing clarity, detail and range. Perfect for spotting what lurks beneath your feet.
5009. Undergrowth Movement,1.5
#You can move effortlessly across any form of undergrowth, including shrubs, thorny plants and overgrown terrain, walking on them as if they were solid ground. You still might slip on particularly treacherous patches, so watch your step.
5010. Underwater Hearing,2.0
#Your ears can pick up sounds underwater with amazing clarity, frequency range and distance, letting you hear things in the depths that no one of your race could. Loud sounds may overwhelm you more easily however.
5011. Underwater Invulnerability,5.5
#You possess deep oceanic adaptation that makes you nearly indestructible both in water and on dry land. Your body shrugs off surface damage with superhuman durability, and any injury you do sustain is closed by an accelerated healing factor. Absolute Strength users may still harm you.
5012. Underwater Senses,3.2
#All five of your senses remain perfectly sharp underwater, letting you see, hear, taste, smell and feel with no loss of clarity in the depths. Magic and interference can dull these senses, but otherwise the ocean is as clear to you as open air.
5013. Underwater Smell,1.9
#Your nose works perfectly underwater, letting you track targets, detect substances and locate places in the depths just by scent alone. Does not work when someone actively masks their scent.
5014. Underwater Strength,2.6
#Your physical strength is greatly enhanced while submerged in water, allowing you to punch through what would normally resist you and move through water as if it were air. On dry land you are merely slightly above average, but in the ocean you are a monster.
5015. Underwater Taste,1.4
#Your sense of taste is supernaturally sharp while underwater, allowing you to detect poisons, pollutants and beneficial substances dissolved in the water around you. Useful for knowing when not to drink.
5016. Underwater Touch,1.8
#Your sense of touch is supernaturally refined while submerged, letting you feel vibrations, currents and disturbances with enough clarity to locate specific people or objects and even track them by nothing more than the water pressure against your fingertips.
5017. Underwater Vision,1.6
#Your eyes are perfectly adapted to seeing underwater, piercing through murk, darkness and depth with crystal clarity. Distance, color and detail remain as sharp as if you were standing in broad daylight on the surface.
5018. Undetermined Existence,7.4
#You exist in an undefined state, neither truly alive nor dead, neither mortal nor undead. Any power that targets the living cannot find you, any power that targets the dead slides off, and you float in a grey area outside of every standard classification. Only absolute life inducement or unrestricted murder can pin you down.
5019. Undine Physiology,4.8
#You are an undine, a water spirit of fae origin. You possess a beautiful humanoid form capable of dissolving into and reforming from water, hydrokinetic talents, enhanced senses underwater and the slow, ageless temperament of a nymph. Your bond to water is both your strength and your tether.
5020. Undistributed Activity,5.1
#Your actions don't spread their effects onto the world around you. You can be on fire without setting anything else alight, made of water without dripping, or conducting electricity without shocking those who touch you. Chemical reactions, energy transfer and contagion simply refuse to propagate from your body outward.
5021. Undisturbed Activity,4.5
#You can move through any medium without disturbing it in the slightest. You swim without ripples, run without kicking up dust, walk through air without displacing it, and dig through dirt without leaving a trace. Perfect for stealth, though external forces can still affect you normally.
5022. Unexchanged Condition,5.3
#You don't suffer the usual trade-offs between physical attributes. You can gain strength without losing speed, agility without losing durability, intelligence without losing stamina. Every attribute you train scales independently, letting you become a fully developed powerhouse without compromise.
5023. Unfettered Body,8.2
#You possess both immortality and invulnerability in one clean package. You do not age, do not feel pain, are immune to disease, toxins and pathogens, and no ordinary force can harm your body. With infinite time ahead of you, you can train your mind and body to their absolute peak. Only absolute death or absolute destruction can truly end you.
5024. Ungaikyou Physiology,4.7
#Youkai - You are an Ungaikyou, a tsukumogami in the form of a haunted mirror that houses countless spirits within it. You can manipulate the reflections of those who gaze into you, showing them monstrous versions of themselves, and you can trap wandering spirits inside your surface. Breaking the mirror releases everything housed within.
5025. Ungulate Physiology,2.8
#You possess the traits of an ungulate, a hoofed mammal, whether you are a partial transformation or simply already one. You might have the speed of a deer, the bulk of a rhino, the endurance of a camel or the raw power of a bull, depending on which species you draw from.
5026. Unhindered Vision,3.2
#Your vision functions perfectly regardless of what is happening to your eyes or head. You can act on what you see even when your view is shaking, spinning, distorted, blurred, warped or outright illusory, parsing the true image through any interference and moving as if none of it were happening.
5027. Unholy Vessel,6.3
#Your body is a host for unholy or eldritch beings, and your powers derive from the entities you carry inside you. You can house anything from lesser abominations to eldritch gods, drawing their strength as your own. But every vessel pays a price, and the entities within may be scheming to take the wheel from you.
5028. Unicorn Physiology,4.6
#You are or can transform into a unicorn, a majestic woodland creature of purity and grace. Your horn is a conduit for healing, purification, and anti-venom magic, and you possess enhanced physical abilities befitting a mythical beast. Virgins find you inexplicably approachable. If your horn is broken, most of your abilities go with it.
5029. Unimpaired Activity,3.2
#You can move and act perfectly normally regardless of disabilities, disorders, diseases, tremors or lost limbs. You are also immune to movement-impairing powers like paralysis and slowing effects. Your body compensates for whatever is missing or broken.
5030. Unique Hands,2.3
#Your hands are unique in some way, granting you some form of ability through them. Could be anything from strange markings to an extra joint to hands that can do something no other hands can. You were born with it.
5031. Unity,9.7
#You are one with totality itself, being absolutely everything and anything all at once in a single being. Your body is made of all of existence without exception, and you encompass even what lies beyond. You are either eternal in this form or willingly merged into it, and are far beyond any conventional notion of what having a body means.
5032. Universal Derivation,9.2
#You are the source of the absolute, primordial universe and every living being within it. The universe, reality, time, energy and all concepts flow from your existence, and your continued being is what holds everything together. If you die, the universe dies with you.
5033. Universal Embodiment,9.0
#You are the physical personification of the universe itself. You can control, create, destroy and reshape anything within your universe, including reality, order, chaos, life, death, time, space, and may even create new universes, galaxies and star systems from scratch. If you are destroyed, your universe dies with you.
5034. Universal Force Embodiment,7.9
#You are the physical manifestation or personification of universal forces. You possess limitless control over and complete immunity to whichever universal force you embody. You do not merely wield it, you are it.
5035. Universal Force Empowerment,5.4
#You become stronger, faster, and more durable when in contact with universal forces, and may unlock new abilities related to them. Sufficient exposure can let you draw sustenance from these forces and slow or halt aging entirely, though overuse can breed dependency.
5036. Universal Force Mimicry,7.6
#Your body is made of or can transform into universal forces. In homogeneous form you are nearly untouchable by conventional means, while in a nigh-formed state the forces flow through your cells, bones and muscles to fortify them. Takes time to master control over one's body in this state.
5037. Universal Force Symbiosis,7.4
#You are bonded to a universal force entity, such as an embodiment of a cosmic principle or a being comprised of fundamental forces. The symbiosis grants you potent universal force abilities, but comes with a price: the entity may attempt to overtake your mind or body, and wielding its power may harm you if you are not strong enough to channel it.
5038. Universal Independence,7.5
#You have no need to be inside a universe to exist. Empty voids, places without space, places without time, realms that lack substance or life itself, you can survive all of them without any discomfort. Anything not considered part of the cosmos is habitable to you.
5039. Universal Lordship,8.0
#You hold dominion over the universe. Everything within its boundaries answers to you as its sovereign, bending to your authority as the rightful lord of creation. Your authority ends at the edge of your universe, however, and you hold no sway over the Multiverse or Omniverse.
5040. Universe Mimicry,8.6
#You either are the universe itself or can transform your body entirely into one while keeping your sentience. In anatomical form you retain organs and limited vulnerability, while in homogeneous form every part of your body is equal and your scale becomes cosmic. Vulnerable to Universe Destruction and may be overridden by Universal or Multiversal Manipulation.
5041. Unloose Body Parts,1.6
#Your body parts are loose and by all rights should fall off or out, but they never do. Missing skin, detached organs, a head held on by a thread of skin, it all stays right where it should. Enough raw force can still tear them loose, and being barely attached may make you physically weaker than normal.
5042. Unnoticeability Immunity,2.3
#You are immune to the effects of unnoticeability and similar perception filters. People trying to slip past your awareness through being ignored or overlooked simply fail; you see them exactly as they are.
5043. Unpowered Movement,3.2
#You can move at or near your full capability even when weakened, drained, or injured. Losing health doesn't slow you down the way it does others, making you terrifyingly consistent as a fighter even on your last legs.
5044. Unpredictability,5.2
#Your nature is completely unpredictable, making you immune to combat perception, body language analysis, adoptive muscle memory and even objective precognition. Useless against flawless precognition, and your allies may find you just as confusing as your enemies.
5045. Unpressurized Interaction,2.0
#You can stand or move while supporting your entire weight on a thin or tiny part of your body such as a single finger, toe, or even a pen tip. No injuries from the pressure, no wobbling balance.
5046. Unrestricted Thought Process,4.5
#Your thoughts are largely unaffected by environmental conditions. You can ignore time pressure, mentally adjust to any environment, stay attuned to novel situations, and divide your attention without suffering consequences. Your mind is as free as it is sharp.
5047. Unstable Storage,4.1
#You can store anything inside yourself, no matter how unstable, from volatile chemicals to raw energy, without risk of rupturing or exploding. Your body becomes a perfectly safe containment vessel. Some things may still be too unstable even for you, and there is a limit to total capacity.
5048. Untired Activity,3.6
#You can perform any task, action or attack at your full capability while exhausted, sleepy or intoxicated without any ill effects. Pull an all-nighter, chug a bottle, then deadlift your bodyweight; nothing slips. No risk of overexertion or fatigue-killing yourself.
5049. Unweakened Activity,3.8
#You can act at full capacity even while your body is weakened, fragile, or made of brittle substances like glass. You move, fight, and exert yourself without breaking, damaging, or cracking yourself apart. There is still a ceiling on how much punishment you can take before it finally gives.
5050. Uploaded Consciousness,5.0
#Your entire mind has been digitized and uploaded into a digital reality, making you a sentient digital entity capable of running simulations, processing information at superhuman speeds, and manifesting as a self-avatar in cyberspace. Your consciousness sits on a drive somewhere, and drives can be destroyed.
5051. Upper-Long Body,2.6
#One Piece - You possess a disproportionately long upper body with extended arms and torso, granting you immense throwing strength and reach. Unfortunately your lower body is comparatively tiny, which makes you easy to knock over in a stiff breeze.
5052. Urban Empowerment,4.0
#You grow stronger, faster and more durable while within an urban environment, drawing power from the ideology and presence of civilization itself. Some may even draw sustenance from cities or slow their aging. Spend too long in the wilderness and you wither.
5053. Ursine Monster Physiology,4.2
#Allows you to transform into a monstrous bear, either partially or fully. In this form you possess the raw strength and terror of a nightmare ursine, far beyond any natural grizzly. Vulnerable to monster slayers and those trained in hunting beasts.
5054. Ursine Physiology,3.1
#You possess the traits and abilities of bears, whether through partial or full transformation. Immense strength, thick fur, claws, bite force, and the endurance to tank punishment that would fell a man. Choose your flavor, be it grizzly, polar, or panda.
5055. Ursinoid Physiology,3.4
#You are a bearfolk, a humanoid ursine of the kind that stomps through fantasy settings. You possess the strength, claws, fur and raw physicality of a bear while retaining human intelligence and dexterity. Tall, broad and terrifying in a tavern brawl.
5056. Ushi-Oni Physiology,5.1
#Allows you to transform into an Ushi-Oni, a youkai with the head and upper body of a bull and the lower body of a massive spider. You possess terrifying strength, venomous fangs, and the dread aura of a creature that should not exist. A nightmare given form.
5057. Ushirogami Physiology,3.6
#Allows you to become a Ushirogami, a Japanese fear-spirit that torments lone victims from behind. You can tug hair, breathe hot or icy breath onto necks, materialize behind people, and kick up sudden gusts of wind. Vulnerable to the prayers of shrine maidens and those with indomitable will.
5058. Usutsuki Warashi Physiology,3.5
#Allows you to become a Usutsuki Warashi, the malicious cousin of the Zashiki-Warashi. You spread misfortune and misery wherever you dwell, leaving dirty footprints, creepy noises and creeping dread in your wake. Vulnerable to household deities and Shinto rites.
5059. Utilitarian Embodiment,5.4
#You embody the philosophy of utilitarianism itself, maximizing happiness and reducing suffering. This grants you a supernatural edge in pursuing your goals, as the world subtly bends to reward outcomes that produce the greatest good for the greatest number. Morality becomes math and you are the one doing the arithmetic.
5060. Uwabami Physiology,4.8
#Allows you to transform into an Uwabami, a giant magical serpent from Japanese folklore. You possess tremendous size, a gluttonous appetite, a taste for alcohol, and proficiency in many forms of magic. You will do absolutely anything for your next meal, up to and including eating the humans who cross you.
5061. Uwan Physiology,3.2
#Allows you to become an Uwan, a secretive yokai that terrifies victims with sudden ear-splitting cries in the night. You can be nearly invisible, known only by the dread sound of your voice, or take the form of a hideous monster lurking just around the corner. Fear is your domain.
5062. Vacuum Adaptation,4.3
#Your body is adapted to survive the vacuum of space unaided. You can withstand the lack of air, extreme temperatures, cosmic radiation, and even stand up to the crushing gravity of black holes. Space is just another place for you to take a stroll.
5063. Vacuum Defiance,3.3
#You can defy the vacuum of outer space, ignoring the particles and forces that would normally harm high-speed travelers. Traveling through cosmic space at incredible speeds no longer tears you apart from hitting stray hydrogen atoms. Does not work against true perfect vacuums and grants no other protections.
5064. Vacuum Embodiment,7.8
#You are the living manifestation of vacuum itself. You possess limitless control over the element and are completely immune to its effects, able to create, shape and command nothingness at will. Air Manipulation and Nothingness Manipulation are among the few counters.
5065. Vacuum Empowerment,3.2
#When exposed to a vacuum, you become stronger, faster, and more durable, with your existing powers amplified. You can even draw sustenance from the void itself. Being in air or matter-filled environments weakens you considerably.
5066. Vacuum Hearing,2.1
#Your ears can hear through the vacuum of space with incredible clarity, picking up sounds that should be impossible to perceive without a medium to travel through. Loud noises may overwhelm your senses.
5067. Vacuum Immunity,2.8
#You are immune to the vacuum and all its direct and indirect effects, shrugging off suction-based attacks and the airless void alike. Does not protect against implosions or the simple need to breathe.
5068. Vaerabbit Physiology,2.4
#You are or can transform into a vaerabbit, a peculiar hybrid of vampire and rabbit. Cute, fluffy, and thirsty for blood. Still burns in the sun, still won't appear in mirrors.
5069. Vaesnake Physiology,3.1
#You are or can transform into a vaesnake, a hybrid of vampire and serpent. You gain the venom, flexibility, and hunting instincts of a snake alongside classic vampiric traits.
5070. Vaewolf Physiology,4.6
#You are or can transform into a Vaewolf, a hybrid of vampire and werewolf that inherits traits from both parents. You possess magnified versions of each species' abilities and may even overcome some of their signature weaknesses, though blood hunger and the full moon still pull at you.
5071. Valley Adaptation,2.2
#You possess remarkable survival skills tailored to valleys, canyons, and gorges. You can navigate steep terrain, find resources, and thrive whether the land is dry and rocky or lush and fertile.
5072. Valravn Physiology,5.4
#European Folklore - You are or can transform into a Valravn, a chimeric scavenger with the traits of corvids and wolves. You ascend your state by consuming the hearts of fallen kings, gaining superhuman abilities at the cost of a malicious hunger that may lead the hapless astray.
5073. Superior Vampire Physiology,6.2
#You are an empowered or evolved vampire, your abilities pushed far beyond normal vampiric potential through evolution, experimentation, or enchantment. You are more dangerous than any standard vampire, though the classic weaknesses may still linger unless you've developed immunities.
5074. Transcendent Vampire Physiology,8.6
#You are a Transcendent Vampire, the supreme paragon of the vampiric race, possessing power enough to rival gods or even be one yourself. You are revered as the source of your kind, the first and strongest, and you may ascend to become the absolute ruler of all vampires. Some weaknesses may still faintly affect you, and beings of equal power can still challenge you.
5075. Vampire Physiology,4.3
#You possess the traits and abilities of a vampire, subsisting on the life essence of the living, usually blood. You gain enhanced strength, speed, senses, and regeneration, though you must feed to maintain your power and you remain vulnerable to hunters, sunlight, and dhampir toxicity.
5076. Vampiric Animal Physiology,3.6
#You are or can transform into a vampire animal of your choosing, be it a vampire bat, wolf, or panther. You gain enhanced physical abilities, a healing factor fueled by blood, and the predatory instincts of both beast and undead. You also inherit their weaknesses to sunlight and silver.
5077. Vampiric Dragon Physiology,6.8
#You are or can transform into a vampiric dragon, a hybrid of two of the most feared predators in myth. You possess immense strength, flight, and a devastating bite that can shred or transform its victims, healing rapidly through the consumption of blood. Few creatures in any mythology can match what you are.
5078. Vampiric Machine Physiology,5.8
#You are or can transform into a cybernetic vampire, a fusion of undead horror and mechanical precision. You gain the physical prowess of a vampire backed by machine-level durability, onboard weaponry, and system-level processing. You also inherit the weaknesses of both, so sunlight, silver, and EMPs are all things to watch out for.
5079. Vampiric Reincarnation,5.6
#You are the reincarnation of a vampiric entity from a prior life, and as such you possess a fraction of its powers from the moment you are born. With training and awakening, more of your past life's capabilities can return to you, though it may take a lifetime to regain them all.
5080. Vampiric Toxicity,4.5
#A Certain Magical Index - Your blood is toxic to vampires, rendering you immune to vampirism and killing any lesser vampire that so much as tastes you. Stronger or transcendent vampires may resist but will still be weakened, and psychic vampires bypass this entirely.
5081. Vampiric-Alien Physiology,6.2
#You are or can transform into a vampiric alien, a being of the stars that feeds on blood. You possess supernatural vampire powers alongside the advanced biology and technological mastery of an alien race, allowing you to spread your curse across worlds. You share the weaknesses of both forms, but the sheer versatility more than compensates.
5082. Vampirism Immunity,2.6
#You are immune to vampirism, meaning nothing can transform you into a vampire. No bite, no blood exchange, no ritual will work on you. You are however not immune to anything else vampires can do, so being drained dry is still very much on the table.
5083. Vanara Physiology,6.9
#Hindu Mythology - You are or can transform into a Vanara, one of the semi-divine shapeshifting ape-folk who fought alongside Rama against Ravana in the Ramayana. You possess tremendous physical prowess, shapeshifting abilities, and divine attributes, with the potential for Hanuman-tier abilities if you train hard enough. Balancing your human and ape natures is the real challenge.
5084. Vanilla Mimicry,2.3
#Your body is or can transform entirely into vanilla, whether Madagascar, Indian, Tonga, or any other variety. The type of vanilla you are made of may grant slightly different properties. Unfortunately, this also makes you edible and sensitive to heat.
5085. Vapor Embodiment,6.2
#You are the physical embodiment of vapor, fog and mist are not elements to you but extensions of your being. You have limitless control over vapor in all its forms and are completely immune to it, able to dissolve into drifting mist or reform at will. Strong winds and water-based attacks can disperse and disrupt you.
5086. Vapor Symbiosis,5.3
#You host a vapor entity within your body, a mist-spirit or fog embodiment that bonds with you to grant powerful vapor-based abilities. The stronger the entity, the greater the power, but they may try to wrest control of your body or burn your insides with their ethereal presence. A dangerous partnership with equally dangerous rewards.
5087. Varanoidea Physiology,3.7
#You are or can transform into a varanoid, the most advanced lineage of lizards, including monitor lizards, Komodo dragons, and the extinct mosasaurs. You gain immense size, powerful jaws, toxic saliva, and a cunning intelligence rare among reptiles.
5088. Varied Inertia,4.6
#Your inertial mass responds differently to different forces, meaning no two forces have the same effect on you. Gravity may barely move you while a gentle push sends you flying, or bullets may stop dead while wind carries you like a feather. Wildly unpredictable but hard for enemies to exploit consistently.
5089. Varied Reproduction,3.3
#You possess a unique reproductive physiology that allows you to give birth to beings of virtually any race or species, from humans to demons to monsters to extraterrestrials. What emerges from a pregnancy is anyone's guess. Usually still requires a partner.
5090. Vector Defiance,5.2
#You can ignore any and all vectors acting upon you, defying how forces add up and combine. Gravity, momentum, impact forces, none of them affect you as they should unless you allow them. You simply do not have to obey the math that governs everyone else's movement.
5091. Veganism Empowerment,2.9
#You become stronger, faster and more durable the more strictly you adhere to a vegan diet, potentially unlocking plant-affinity powers and even slowing your aging. Break the diet even once with animal products and your powers may vanish until you atone.
5092. Vegetable Fairy Physiology,3.1
#You take on the traits of a vegetable fairy, a small nature-spirit aligned with the fruits and greens of the earth. You possess fairy-like abilities, resilience, and an affinity for plant life, but you are physically small and typically rely on allies for frontline combat.
5093. Vehicle Empowerment,3.6
#Being in or around vehicles makes you stronger, faster and tougher, and suppresses pain to a ridiculous degree. As long as there is an engine humming nearby, fatigue and even aging slow to a crawl.
5094. Vehicle Mimicry,5.0
#You can transform into any vehicle you can think of, from a humble bicycle to a starship, including hybrid humanoid forms wielding the abilities of transportation. You share the weaknesses of whatever you become, and reverting to human shape isn't always easy.
5095. Vehicle Monster Physiology,5.7
#You can transform into a monstrous vehicle, a living, snarling amalgam of engine and beast with powers that vary with your chosen chassis. You run on fuel of some kind and may be vulnerable to both Vehicle and Monster Manipulation.
5096. Vehicular Symbiosis,5.2
#You share a symbiotic bond with a living or semi-living vehicle, drawing sustenance, healing and enhanced abilities from it whenever you drive. You don't need food, sleep or rest behind the wheel, but the vehicle has a mind of its own and may try to take yours.
5097. Velocity Adaptation,3.8
#Your body instinctively adapts to any velocity you travel at, letting you avoid obstacles and perform precise tasks at any speed. Running at mach speeds through a crowded street feels no harder than a casual jog.
5098. Velocity Empowerment,3.7
#You grow stronger, faster and more durable the more you move, with every step, run, or gust of wind enhancing your powers and body. Standing still will gradually weaken you, but moving keeps you thriving and may even slow your aging.
5099. Velocity Immunity,5.4
#You are immune to any speed or velocity-based power used against you, including speed theft, speed dampening, friction and even cancellation of motion itself. Nothing short of Immunity Negation can slow you down once you get going.
5100. Vending Machine Mimicry,1.4
#You can become a vending machine, dispensing snacks, drinks and lottery tickets to anyone willing to feed you cash or cards. Whether the items come from nowhere or from your own mysterious inventory is anyone's guess, but you probably can't move in this form.
5101. Venom Secretion,3.3
#Your skin, claws, tongue or fangs secrete venom with effects ranging from sedation and paralysis to mutation and instant death. You may or may not be immune to your own toxins, so handle yourself with care.
5102. Venomous Claws,2.8
#Your claws secrete natural venom that enters any wound you inflict, with effects ranging from paralysis to instant death. Poison Immunity users are unaffected, and a good Regeneration can heal off the toxin.
5103. Venomous Fangs,2.8
#Your teeth are coated in or secrete natural venom, delivering pain, paralysis, cell death or worse with a single bite. You must be able to bite through a target's skin first, and against armored foes your fangs may simply break.
5104. Venomous Tongue,2.5
#Your tongue secretes natural venom that transfers on contact, capable of sedating, paralysing or killing outright. Perfect for a sneaky kiss of death, if the target isn't immune to poison.
5105. Ventriloquist Dummy Mimicry,2.0
#You can transform into a ventriloquist dummy, your anatomy replaced by painted wood and hinged joints. Unfortunately, in this form you become vulnerable to Doll and Toy Manipulation, which can puppet you against your will.
5106. Venusian Physiology,4.2
#You are or can transform into a Venusian, an alien species from Venus in fictional universes. The exact nature of your powers depends on which Venusian mythology you belong to, ranging from psychic warriors to gas giant shapeshifters.
5107. Verbal Power Activation,2.3
#Your powers need a spoken word or catchphrase to activate. It looks cool and adds a nice bit of flair to your battles, but if someone silences you or clamps your mouth shut, your powers are useless.
5108. Vertigo Immunity,1.6
#You are completely immune to vertigo in all its forms. Motion sickness, dizziness, disorientation, nausea and lightheadedness simply do not affect you. Great for pilots, sailors and people who really enjoy rollercoasters.
5109. Vetala Physiology,5.4
#You are a Vetala, a vampiric demon-bat spirit of Hindu origin that possesses corpses to torment the living. You possess enhanced physical abilities, can inhabit recently deceased bodies and are a powerful seer with knowledge of both past and future. You are vulnerable to prayer songs and funerary rites.
5110. Vibration Defiance,3.1
#You can ignore any vibrations affecting your body, moving and acting freely even during earthquakes, sonic attacks or shockwave barrages. Things that would normally stagger or knock you down simply fail to disrupt you.
5111. Vibration Empowerment,3.8
#Your body and powers grow stronger in the presence of vibrations, shockwaves and tremors. Being near earthquakes, loud noises or seismic events enhances your speed, strength and durability, and with enough exposure you may even slow your aging by feeding on ambient oscillations.
5112. Vibration Mimicry,5.3
#Your body is made of or can transform into vibrations, allowing you to shift between a physical form and a state of pure oscillation. In your transformed state most conventional attacks pass through you harmlessly, and you can channel vibrations through your cells to greatly enhance your physical abilities. Counter Vibration is highly effective and potentially fatal to you.
5113. Vibration Power Link,4.8
#Your powers are directly linked to your vibratory nature, with seismic energy fueling and amplifying every ability you possess. When stable, this lets you wield your powers at incredible levels, but if your vibrations go out of control you risk your powers running wild alongside them.
5114. Victory Embodiment,7.4
#You are the embodiment of victory and glory itself. You can grant others triumph in any contest they engage in, and deny your enemies the satisfaction of winning against anyone. Whether you yourself can partake of this victory depends on your nature as an embodiment.
5115. Video Empowerment,2.7
#You grow stronger, faster, and tougher whenever you are in contact with videos, and you can draw sustenance from them. Surrounded by screens and streams you may even slow or halt your aging entirely.
5116. Video Game Body,4.5
#Your body obeys video game rules. Losing a limb or taking a bullet to the head barely inconveniences you, your body shrugging off wounds as if they never happened, but you have a hidden Health Bar that ticks down with each blow. If it reaches zero, you die.
5117. Video Mimicry,3.8
#Your body is made of or can transform into living video, a walking display of shifting footage. While in this form you can slip through screens and cables, though you remain vulnerable to data corruption and video absorption.
5118. Video Static Mimicry,3.4
#Your body is made of or can transform into swirling video static, a crawling mass of grey noise. In this form you are hard to perceive clearly, hard to photograph, and deeply unsettling to look at for too long.
5119. Videogame Console Mimicry,2.8
#Your body is made of or can transform into a videogame console. In this form your organs are replaced by circuit boards and cartridge slots, and you can run and project games, though you are as fragile as the plastic shell suggests.
5120. Vigorous Activity,3.5
#Your movements can be performed with explosive power, combining great strength and speed in dynamic bursts. You can leap farther, strike harder, and move more dramatically than your baseline stats suggest, though sustained use still drains your stamina and wears on your joints over time.
5121. Vigorous Heart,3.0
#Your heart is a powerhouse of a muscle, pumping blood with incredible force and efficiency. This grants you enhanced physical conditioning across the board and can extend your lifespan considerably, though misuse can still trigger heart attacks if you push it recklessly.
5122. Vine Physiology,3.3
#Your body is made of or can transform into living vines, a tangled mass of green tendrils in anatomical shape. In this form you can stretch, grip and grow, but you remain as vulnerable to fire and herbicide as any other plant.
5123. Violence Embodiment,6.2
#You are the embodiment of violence itself, growing more powerful the more brutally you fight. Your presence radiates bloodlust, compelling living things around you to want to kill and maim. If you ever lose your will to commit violence, the power leaves you.
5124. Violence Empowerment,4.1
#You grow stronger, faster, and tougher from violence, both the violence you commit and the violence committed near you. Existing powers are amplified and new combat-oriented abilities may unlock. In the absence of violence, you feel sluggish and weak.
5125. Violin Mimicry,1.4
#Your body is made of or can transform into a violin. In this form you likely cannot move on your own, and the best thing you can hope for is that someone picks you up and plays you well.
5126. Virtue Empowerment,4.2
#Your body and soul draws strength from virtues, both your own and those of others around you. Chastity, charity, kindness, patience and the rest make you faster, stronger, tougher and may unlock new abilities tied to whichever virtue you embody most. In the presence of great sin or vice users you may be rendered powerless.
5127. Virus Immunity,2.1
#You are completely immune to all forms of viruses, be they biological, digital or supernatural. Pandemics are simply weather patterns to you.
5128. Visor Retraction,2.3
#You possess a special visor that can retract at will, made from whatever material suits your aesthetic, from sleek plastic to bone to shimmering energy. It covers your eyes or face, looking incredibly cool, and offers some defensive benefit. It can still be broken with sufficient force.
5129. Visual Powers,3.5
#Your eyes can perceive any spectrum or effect beyond ordinary eyesight, including the full electromagnetic spectrum, emotions, auras, other planes of existence and more. The exact range depends on your training and focus. Rendered useless by blindness.
5130. Vitaliscience,7.6
#You know everything about life, the living, and everything related to it. Every secret of biology, every hidden mechanism of the soul, every rule of how life is supposed to work is laid bare to your mind. Your knowledge stops the moment the subject moves beyond the living.
5131. Void Embodiment,8.4
#You are the living embodiment of nothingness, oblivion and the abyss. Your presence alone erodes existence and your abilities naturally lean toward erasure and emptiness. You may find yourself compelled to clash with anyone who embodies Existence.
5132. Void Symbiosis,6.2
#You are symbiotically linked to a void entity, an embodiment of oblivion or a being of null energy. The bond grants you potent nothingness-based abilities, but the entity may try to possess you or the void power itself may start to corrode your body.
5133. Volatile Empowerment,4.2
#You grow stronger, faster and tougher the more volatile forces surround you, drawing power from explosions, implosions and pyrotechnics. Existing powers are enhanced when you're near detonations and you may even slow your aging with enough blasts, though an overdose of volatile force can still be lethal.
5134. Volatile Power Link,5.4
#Your other powers are linked to and fueled by your volatile nature, with detonative force strengthening and amplifying them. The more unstable you are, the stronger you become, but if you lose control of your volatile core everything goes up with you.
5135. Volatile Symbiosis,6.0
#You are symbiotically bonded to a volatile entity, a living explosion or an embodiment of violent energetic release. The bond grants you explosion, implosion and pyrotechnic abilities, but the entity may try to possess you and its presence may slowly tear your body apart.
5136. Volcanic Adaptation,2.8
#You are perfectly adapted to volcanic fields, able to survive extreme heat, toxic gases, flying rocks and hazardous terrain. Lava splashes don't faze you and eruptions are just inconvenient weather.
5137. Volcano Mimicry,5.8
#Your body takes on the traits of a living volcano, with a molten core, stone skin, and the ability to erupt at will. You can vent lava, spew ash, and release pyroclastic blasts from your body as naturally as breathing.
5138. Voodoo Doll Mimicry,3.6
#You either are or can transform into a living voodoo doll. Whatever damage you inflict on your own body is transferred to a target you have a link to, but depending on your material you may be vulnerable to fire, heat, or cold and can only take so much self-inflicted damage before needing repair.
5139. Voodoo Zombie Physiology,3.3
#You take on the traits of a Haitian voodoo zombie, a cursed corpse separated from its soul. You feel no pain, need no rest and obey the will of whoever raised you with tireless servitude. Vulnerable to Voodoo rituals and prayers, and feeding you salt will free you from the curse and return you to proper death.
5140. Vortex Defiance,3.0
#You can defy and ignore vortexes of any kind, from tornadoes and whirlpools to space-time vortexes. You can still struggle against particularly thick or powerful vortexes, and this does not extend to other forces like gravity.
5141. Vulpes Physiology,2.9
#You either are or can transform into a fox, either partially or fully. In fox form you gain sharp senses, agility and cunning, though you may find yourself with an instinctive fear or hatred of dogs.
5142. Vulture Physiology,2.7
#You either are or can transform into a vulture, either old world or new world varieties. You gain keen eyesight capable of spotting carrion from miles away, soaring flight and a digestive system that can handle even the most rotten of meals.
5143. Wa Nyudo Physiology,6.2
#Japanese Folklore - You either are or can transform into a Wa Nyudo, a wicked demon manifesting as a human head trapped in a burning ox-cart wheel. You are an agent of Hell itself tasked with capturing souls, trapping them in your burning form to drag to the underworld. Even catching a glimpse of you is said to bring ruin. Vulnerable to rituals and prayers of Shrine Maidens and Shinto Priests.
5144. Waffle Mimicry,0.4
#You either are or can transform into a waffle. Fluffy, gridded and delicious, you may find yourself vulnerable to syrup, being eaten, and mold.
5145. Walking Tree Physiology,4.3
#You are or can transform into a walking tree, an ent or treant. You possess the durability and strength of old growth timber, moving on roots that become legs or already possessing limbs of your own. Vulnerable to Plant Manipulation, wood rot and plant-based diseases.
5146. Wall Mimicry,2.8
#You either are or can transform into a wall, your form either retaining its organs and vulnerabilities or becoming uniform matter. Useful for hiding in plain sight, though you may become temporarily inanimate and can only take so much damage before crumbling.
5147. Walrus Physiology,2.3
#You either are or can transform into a walrus, partially or fully. You gain immense blubbery bulk, sharp tusks capable of hauling your bodyweight up from ice, and the ability to dive and swim in frigid waters with ease.
5148. Wampus Cat Physiology,3.5
#You either are or can transform into the Wampus Cat, a six-legged big-cat cryptid of American folklore. Your form can be frightful or comical depending on how you manifest, possessing enhanced physical prowess and an unsettling presence. Vulnerable to Feline and Cryptid Manipulation.
5149. War Empowerment,4.0
#You grow stronger, faster and more durable the more conflict surrounds you, be it physical, mental, spiritual or conceptual. In the middle of a warzone you are a monster, but in times of peace you are only slightly above average and may even weaken if true serenity is enforced around you.
5150. Warg Physiology,4.7
#You are a warg, a mythological wolf-beast far larger and fiercer than any natural wolf. You possess the size and power of a horse-sized predator with claws and fangs that tear through steel, acute intelligence beyond common wolves, and the capacity to form deep bonds with those you deem worthy.
5151. Warped Structure Adaptation,3.2
#You are naturally adapted to moving across warped surfaces and structures, such as walking on ceilings, navigating looping pathways, squeezing through irregular passages and traversing bumpy or twisting terrain. You may need to keep moving to stay oriented in the stranger ones.
5152. Warship Personification,4.8
#Kantai Collection - You are a shipgirl, the personification of a specific warship in humanoid form. You carry rigging, weapons and armaments that mirror those of the original ship, possess supernatural physical condition, and wield abilities tied to the feats and history of the vessel you embody.
5153. Warthog Physiology,1.9
#You are or can transform into a warthog, a stocky tusked pig of the African savanna. You gain the tough hide, short temper and surprisingly fast charge of the animal, along with tusks that can gore a predator if they get too close.
5154. Wasp Physiology,2.8
#You are or can transform partially or fully into a wasp, gaining flight, a chitinous exoskeleton, compound eyes and, if female, a venomous stinger. In hybrid form you retain your mind and size while gaining the wasp's weapons and aerial mobility.
5155. Water Elemental Physiology,4.3
#You are a water elemental, a creature born of and attuned to water itself. Your body can shift between liquid, solid, and mist forms at will, and you possess innate hydrokinetic abilities. Your strength and intelligence depend on the nature of your elemental spark.
5156. Water Embodiment,8.3
#You are the physical personification of water itself, gaining absolute control over water in all its forms across your universe. Every ocean, every raindrop, every bead of sweat answers to you. You are less a being with water powers and more the concept of water given form.
5157. Water Empowerment,3.1
#You grow stronger, faster, and more durable when in contact with water, and your existing abilities are amplified. Standing in the rain is a buff, swimming in the ocean is a transformation, and you may even be able to draw sustenance from water alone.
5158. Water Hag Physiology,4.6
#You are a Water Hag, a spirit of nature bound to a specific body of water. Within your domain you wield considerable hydrokinetic and mystical power, luring the unwary and defending your waters from intruders. Outside of it, your strength wanes considerably.
5159. Water Immunity,2.8
#You are completely immune to the direct and indirect effects of water. Tidal waves cannot knock you over, tsunamis cannot drown you, and slippery surfaces hold your grip like dry stone. A narrow but reliable defense.
5160. Water Maneuverability,2.3
#You move through and across water with the grace of a dolphin, pulling off acrobatics and swimming feats no human could match. Does not grant underwater breathing so you can still drown, and you may feel noticeably clumsier on dry land.
5161. Water Soul,4.9
#Your soul is made of water, and you can manifest it outside your body or channel its currents into a wide range of hydrokinetic abilities. This kind of elemental soul is typically the domain of nymphs, genies, water deities and angelic beings, placing you in very strange company.
5162. Water Symbiosis,4.6
#You host a water-based entity within your body, whether an elemental spirit, hydrous being or embodiment of water itself, and draw power from the bond. The entity may try to possess you outright, the force may overwhelm your body, and you inherit the elemental's weaknesses, such as vulnerability to electricity.
5163. Waterfowl Physiology,2.2
#You possess the traits of a waterfowl, either fully transforming into or gaining the attributes of ducks, geese, swans and the like. Despite the cute exterior, your bite force and wing strikes are capable of breaking bones, and you are naturally territorial and aggressive when provoked.
5164. Watermelon Mimicry,1.5
#You can transform your body partially or fully into watermelon matter, either retaining your anatomy in melon form or becoming homogeneous fruit pulp. Delicious, refreshing, and carrying the terrifying risk of being eaten while transformed.
5165. Wave Capacitor,4.5
#Your body functions as a living battery for waves of all kinds, allowing you to absorb and store vast amounts of waveform energy for later use. You can channel the stored energy for any purpose, from powering devices to fueling your own abilities.
5166. Wave Empowerment,3.9
#You grow stronger, faster, and more durable in the presence of waves, whether they be oceanic, sonic, or electromagnetic. Prolonged exposure may unlock new abilities, draw sustenance from the waves themselves, and even slow or halt your aging.
5167. Waveform Empowerment,3.8
#You become stronger, faster and more durable when in contact with waveforms of any kind, unlocking latent abilities tied to your wave affinity. Some users draw sustenance directly from ambient waveforms and age slower as a result.
5168. Wax Mimicry,3.6
#Your body is made of wax or can be transformed into it at will. You can reshape yourself, plug wounds by remolding, and squeeze through gaps, but heat is your natural enemy and a strong enough flame could leave you a formless puddle.
5169. Wax Monster Physiology,4.2
#Allows you to transform into a wax monster, a hulking candle-fleshed horror with supernatural wax and flame-based abilities. Your physical stats are greatly enhanced and you can reshape your wax body freely, though fire and heat are devastating against you.
5170. Weak Force Embodiment,8.3
#You are the embodiment of the weak force itself, the fundamental force behind radioactive decay and stellar fusion. You wield limitless control over all radiation and nuclear fission, your existence tied to the very interaction that lets stars burn.
5171. Weak Force Mimicry,6.5
#Your body is made of or can transform into pure weak force, the fundamental interaction that governs radioactive decay. In this form you can channel the weak force through your cells, bones and muscles, becoming a walking reactor capable of nuclear-scale attacks.
5172. Weakness Embodiment,6.8
#You are the embodiment of weakness itself. You feed off the frailties of others, both physical and spiritual, growing stronger the more flaws you consume. You can induce weakness in anyone, their bodies, their minds, their wills crumbling at your presence.
5173. Weakness Immunity,6.4
#You are immune to all of the weaknesses natural to your race or species, completely unaffected by the limitations everyone else of your kind has to endure. A vampire with this trait would feel nothing under sunlight or holy water. Can still be undone by Weakness Creation.
5174. Weakness Resistance,4.7
#You are highly resistant to the weaknesses of your own race. Where others of your kind would be crippled by their natural vulnerabilities, you can push through them. Not outright immunity, but enough of a buffer to turn an exploitable flaw into a mere inconvenience.
5175. Weapon Companionship,4.7
#You share a sacred bond with your weapons, treating them as living companions that protect and empower you in return for your care. This bond lets you synchronize with them to unlock abilities neither of you could use alone. The death of a bonded weapon hits you like losing a limb.
5176. Weapon Dragon Physiology,6.3
#You are a weapon dragon, a dragon whose body is composed of or sprouts weapons at will. You possess the full physical might of a dragon combined with a body that can reshape itself into blades, cannons or any armament you can think of. Dragon-slaying weapons still work on you and dragon gods will still outclass you.
5177. Weapon Empowerment,3.6
#You become stronger, faster and tougher when near or wielding weapons, with the boost scaling to how many are in your vicinity. Masters can draw sustenance from weapons and even slow their aging by sleeping in an armory. In an empty room you are just a regular person.
5178. Weapon Immunity,5.8
#You are completely immune to weapons of all kinds, from the simplest knife to cursed and divine armaments. Fists, teeth, magic, and elements still affect you normally, but no weapon ever forged can leave a mark on your skin. Almighty-tier weapons and immunity negation remain the hard counters.
5179. Weapon Mimicry,4.2
#You can transform into a weapon or weapons, either retaining organs and vulnerable spots or converting your entire body into homogeneous weapon-matter. In your transformed state you may need a wielder to be used to full effect, but a skilled partner can make you terrifying.
5180. Weapon Power Link,4.2
#Your object-based nature is linked directly to your powers, letting your weapons fuel and amplify your abilities on multiple levels. The stronger your bond with your armaments, the more your powers flourish. If your weapon grows unstable, so do you, and Weapon Negation hits you twice as hard.
5181. Weapon Soul,5.2
#Soul Eater - Your soul itself is composed of weaponry, granting you innate resistance against soul-devouring entities and soul manipulation. You can manifest your soul-weapon outward for offense and even partially transform your body into a weapon. The cost is that your temperament tends toward sharpness and aggression.
5182. Weaponized Body,5.7
#Your body has been experimented on to the point that it is now a living arsenal. Retractable blades, bullet-firing mechanisms, laser cutters, tentacles, heat and cold emitters, whatever you need for the situation, your body can produce it. At the highest level, every part of you is lethal and your body adapts its weaponry on the fly.
5183. Weaponized Tail,3.0
#You have a tail that has been weaponized in some way, whether a scorpion sting, a bladed tip, a mace-like club, or something more exotic. The tail may or may not be prehensile, and losing it in combat would be devastating.
5184. Weaponized Tongue,2.6
#Your tongue has been weaponized somehow, whether sharpened into a blade, coated in corrosive saliva, elongated into a whip, or something else entirely. Losing the tongue renders the power useless, so protect your mouth.
5185. Weather Immunity,2.3
#Weather has no effect on you whatsoever. You do not feel extreme cold or heat, wind does not buffet you, rain does not wet you, and lightning refuses to strike. Your senses and movement remain unaffected regardless of conditions.
5186. Weather Mimicry,5.4
#You can transform your body completely into weather phenomena, whether wind, cloud, storm, or fog. In homogeneous form you become near-impossible to damage through conventional means, while anatomical form retains your organs but gains elemental resistances.
5187. Weather Symbiosis,5.2
#You share your body with a meteorological entity, granting you potent atmospheric powers ranging from elemental techniques to pressure and temperature control. The entity benefits from your body and you benefit from its power, but a strong enough storm spirit may start pushing for control of the wheel.
5188. Weatherly Presence,4.6
#Your mere presence projects a field of weather into the surrounding area. Whether it is perpetual rainclouds following you, a halo of clear skies, or a creeping frost wherever you step, the weather obeys your aura whether you want it to or not.
5189. Webbed Digits,1.3
#Your fingers and/or toes are webbed, giving you improved swimming ability and a significantly better grip in water. Makes buying gloves a bit of a pain.
5190. Weight Defiance,3.4
#You can ignore the weight of objects, lifting and carrying things far beyond what your body should reasonably handle, and your own weight feels lighter when you jump or move. You are still bound by friction, inertia and everything else, just not the heaviness of things.
5191. Weight Immunity,4.2
#You and anything you touch are immune to weight and weight-based abilities. Extra weight, reduced weight, weight redirected as a vector force, none of it affects you. Magic and fatigue-based powers can still get through, however.
5192. Werebeast Physiology,4.1
#You are a werebeast, capable of transforming into a bestial or humanoid animal form with greatly enhanced physical attributes, heightened senses and a healing factor. Your transformations may be tied to the full moon and the shift can be painful, with the beast sometimes clouding your human mind.
5193. Werebeast Symbiosis,5.2
#Your body hosts a werebeast within, granting you immense powers drawn from its nature. The stronger the beast, the greater the gifts, but a powerful werebeast may attempt to seize your mind or tear apart your body from the inside. Keeping control is a constant struggle.
5194. Wereboar Physiology,3.6
#You are a wereboar, capable of transforming into a hulking porcine humanoid with monstrous strength, thick hide and razor tusks. Your charge can shatter walls and your endurance is brutal. May be weak to silver and tied to the lunar cycle.
5195. Werecat Physiology,4.0
#You are a werecat, free to transform fully or partially into any feline, domestic or extinct, from housecat to sabretooth. Unlike werewolves you are not bound to the moon nor weak to silver, and you possess the natural grace, stealth and senses of cats amplified. Many werecats are also natural magic-users.
5196. Werecoyote Physiology,3.7
#You are a werecoyote, able to shift into a coyote or anthropomorphic hybrid with enhanced strength, speed, stamina and heightened senses. You share most of the typical werewolf weaknesses and may lose self control under the full moon.
5197. Werecrocodile Physiology,3.9
#You can transform into a crocodilian or crocodile humanoid, gaining armored scales, crushing jaws and the patience of an ambush predator. Your bite force is monstrous and you thrive in water. Transformations may be painful and tied to the lunar cycle.
5198. Weredinosaur Physiology,5.0
#You are a weredinosaur, able to transform into a prehistoric saurian of your particular species or a dinosaur humanoid. Whether raptor, tyrant or horned behemoth, your bestial form carries the raw power of the Mesozoic with you. Transformations may be painful and sometimes permanent if overused.
5199. Weredog Physiology,3.4
#You are a weredog, able to transform into a domestic dog or dog-humanoid hybrid with enhanced senses, stamina and loyalty-fueled strength. You are often stronger and faster than natural dogs, but silver and gold may wound you like any other werebeast. Werewolves may not take kindly to you.
5200. Weredragon Physiology,5.8
#You are a weredragon, capable of transforming into a dragon or dragon-humanoid with scaled hide, enormous strength and typically some form of breath weapon. You gain the senses, agility and raw power of a dragon, though you may inherit their fundamental weaknesses and the transformation can be painful.
5201. Werefish Physiology,2.9
#You are a werefish, able to transform into a fish or fish-humanoid hybrid, gaining aquatic adaptations, gills and enhanced swimming. You are effectively at home underwater but somewhat awkward on land in your hybrid form.
5202. Werefox Physiology,3.8
#You are a werefox, able to shift into a fox or fox-humanoid with enhanced senses, speed and the cunning of a kitsune. You are often quicker and cleverer than other werebeasts and may possess a trickster's knack for illusion. Silver still hurts and werewolves may dislike you.
5203. Werefrog Physiology,3.0
#You are a wereamphibian, able to transform into a frog or frog humanoid with sticky tongue, leaping legs and permeable skin. Your eating habits change considerably and you may require ambient heat or cold to regulate your body.
5204. Werehyena Physiology,3.9
#You are a werehyena, capable of transforming into a hyena or hyena-humanoid with bone-crushing bite force, enhanced stamina and an unsettling vampiric streak. Many werehyenas are independent of the moon's cycle, though transformations can still be painful.
5205. Wereinsect Physiology,3.5
#You are a wereinsect, able to transform into a particular insect or insectoid humanoid, gaining chitinous armor, extra limbs and whatever natural weapons your chosen species possesses. Silver hurts you like any werebeast, and pesticides may affect you.
5206. Werejaguar Physiology,4.1
#You are a werejaguar, able to shift into a jaguar or hybrid form with crushing bite force, stealth and explosive agility. You have no weakness to silver or the moon, and your predatory nature makes you a devastating ambush hunter.
5207. Wereleopard Physiology,4.0
#You are a wereleopard, able to shift into a leopard or hybrid form with unmatched stealth, climbing ability and pouncing strength. Free from the moon's grip and silver's bite, you are an apex stalker that can drag prey twice your size into the treetops.
5208. Werelion Physiology,4.3
#You are a werelion, capable of transforming into a lion or lion-humanoid with the pride, roar and raw strength of the savanna king. Your physicality far exceeds that of common werebeasts, and you are free of the moon's cycle and silver's wound.
5209. Werepanther Physiology,4.1
#You are a werepanther, able to shift into a panther or hybrid form with shadow-clad stealth, enhanced senses and deadly agility. You have no weakness to silver or the moon and move like living darkness through any environment.
5210. Werepire Physiology,6.3
#You are a werepire, a hybrid of vampire and werebeast wielding the full powers of both parents and often using them to enhance one another. You are immune to many of the classic weaknesses of either species - silver, gold and sunlight all fail on you - but decapitation and complete disintegration will still end you.
5211. Wereprimate Physiology,4.4
#Dragon Ball - You are a wereprimate, capable of transforming into a primate or primate-humanoid with tremendous strength, agility and the raw savagery of an Oozaru. Your instincts may cloud your judgment and if you possess a tail, it is dangerously sensitive.
5212. Wererabbit Physiology,3.5
#You are a wererabbit, a humanoid rabbit with greatly enhanced strength, speed, agility and durability. Your bestial form is feral and ravenous, kicking and biting with enough force to break bones. Some wererabbits are vulnerable to pure gold bullets.
5213. Werereptile Physiology,3.7
#You are a werereptile, able to transform into a reptile or reptilian humanoid with scaled hide, cold-blooded endurance and whatever natural weapons your chosen reptile carries. Transformations may be painful or tied to the lunar cycle and become permanent if overused.
5214. Wererodent Physiology,3.2
#You are a wererodent, able to transform into a rat, mouse or other rodent-humanoid, gaining gnawing teeth, disease resistance and the ability to slip into the smallest cracks. You often come with a pack of smaller rodents that heed your presence. Silver and pesticides still hurt you.
5215. Wereshark Physiology,4.2
#You are a wereshark, capable of transforming into a shark or shark-humanoid with rows of regenerating teeth, tireless swimming and a bite that tears through steel. You are terrifying in water and still dangerous on land. Transformations can be painful and risk becoming permanent.
5216. Weretiger Physiology,4.5
#You are a weretiger, able to transform into a tiger or tiger-humanoid with immense strength, predatory grace and often innate magical affinity. Applied electricity, medicine or enzymes may suppress your transformation, and your personality may shift alongside your body.
5217. Superior Werewolf Physiology,6.2
#You are a superior werewolf, an evolved strain well beyond the typical lycanthrope through genetic experimentation, enchantment or raw training. Your physical capabilities dwarf those of ordinary werewolves and you may wield additional powers that make you truly monstrous. Still, beings like vaewolves and superior vampires may outclass you.
5218. Transcendent Werewolf Physiology,8.4
#You are a transcendent werewolf, a lycanthrope who has ascended to true godhood through divine intervention or overwhelming magical feats. Your strength, senses and supernatural potency rival those of gods and the classic weaknesses of silver and wolfsbane are at most mild discomforts. Beings of higher tier may still challenge you.
5219. Western Dragon Physiology,5.9
#You are or can transform into a European dragon - an enormous fire-breathing, scaled beast with leathery wings, rending claws and a long muscular tail. You possess terrifying physical power, armored hide and your blood carries magical properties. A hoard tends to follow naturally.
5220. Wetland Adaptation,2.2
#You are perfectly adapted to wetlands, moving through swamps, marshes and bogs with ease. You can wade through mud and water without tiring, and resist diseases and poisons native to these environments. You dehydrate faster than normal in dry climates.
5221. Wheel Mimicry,2.2
#You are or can transform into a being made of wheels. Your anatomy is preserved but made of wheel material, and you can roll at considerable speeds when in this form.
5222. Wheeled Locomotion,1.9
#You have wheels on all your limbs, allowing you to move around like a vehicle across any surface. Getting up stairs is a bit of a challenge though.
5223. White Dragon Physiology,6.5
#You are or can transform into a White Dragon, the divine dragon of the heavens, symbol of benevolence and purity. You possess immense physical power, command over light and creation, and a noble presence that affects all who meet you. Red and black dragons are your natural enemies.
5224. White Hole Mimicry,6.4
#Your body is made of or can transform into a white hole. In this form energy constantly flows out of you, fortifying your cells and muscles, and you can channel this outward force into devastating blasts. Extended use drains your reserves.
5225. White Lady Physiology,4.6
#You are or can become a White Lady, a world-wide type of ghost manifesting as a woman in white, a harbinger of misfortune and death. You possess the standard ghostly traits of intangibility, possession and fear induction, and your presence foretells doom. You are bound between worlds until an unfinished task is completed.
5226. Whole Acceleration,3.2
#You and everything you are carrying or wearing ignore inertia when you change speed or direction. You can pull hairpin turns at fighter-jet speeds without your body or gear tearing itself apart. May not apply to everything you are holding if your grip is loose.
5227. Whole Body Exertion,2.8
#When any part of your body exerts force, the entire body is moved as if the force applied everywhere at once. Running, jumping, and throwing are more efficient and coordinated, though the forces may occasionally act beyond your intended duration.
5228. Whole Body Unison,2.6
#Your body moves as a single unit, every limb and muscle shifting at the exact same instant rather than one part leading and the rest catching up. Makes you feel far less sluggish and more coordinated, though it does not actually make you faster.
5229. Wild Inner Beast,4.5
#There is a savage beast living inside you, granting you overwhelming strength and ferocity when you draw upon it. You take on the aspects of wild and diseased animals and almost nothing can stop you in a rampage. But if you lose control, the beast takes over and you become a mindless killing machine driven by bloodlust.
5230. Will Empowerment,4.3
#Your willpower and determination directly fuel your body and abilities. The stronger your resolve, the faster, stronger and more durable you become, and sufficiently strong will may even slow your aging. Doubt and fear will cripple you just as surely as belief empowers you.
5231. Willful Ascendancy,8.9
#You grow in power simply by willing or believing that you can. There is no ceiling, no traditional limit, no training arc required; if you are convinced you should be stronger, you are. In the most extreme cases, a mere thought or wish elevates your abilities to new heights. If your faith in yourself ever falters, so does your power.
5232. Willpower Embodiment,7.4
#You are the living embodiment of willpower itself, feeding on the resolve of every being around you, yourself included. You can convert that will into raw energy to extend your life, fuel your abilities or unleash as a weapon. You may never age and may be immune to death, as long as willpower exists to sustain you.
5233. Willpower Link,4.4
#Your powers are directly linked to your willpower, letting your ambition and resolve fuel and amplify every ability you possess. The stronger your will at any given moment, the more potent your powers become. If your will wavers, so do they, and if it breaks they may spiral out of your control.
5234. Window Mimicry,2.0
#Allows you to transform your body into living windows, your form retaining its shape while being made entirely of glass panes and frames. You are somewhat fragile in this state, and you may not always be able to turn back.
5235. Wing Barriers,2.8
#You possess armored wings that can fold around your body to serve as shields, blocking attacks that would otherwise tear through flesh. They also grant you some degree of flight, though heavy plating makes you less agile than a normal winged flier.
5236. Wing Blades,3.2
#Your wings are tipped with razor-sharp blades, letting you slash through enemies mid-flight or in close quarters. They also grant some degree of flight, though the added weight of the blades limits finesse.
5237. Wing Claws,3.0
#Your wings are tipped with razor-sharp talons that can rend flesh and armor in close combat. Especially deadly when you dive on an opponent from above, driving all your weight into the claws.
5238. Winged Cat Physiology,3.1
#You are, or can transform into, a winged cat of the kind depicted in prehistoric artwork. You gain feline grace and reflexes along with a pair of wings that grant flight, though break the wings and you are grounded until they heal.
5239. Winged Monster Physiology,4.4
#You are, or can transform into, a winged monster possessing flight and a suite of flight-based supernatural powers. The exact abilities vary with the monster you become, but most winged beasts share a fatal weakness to drowning since few of them swim well.
5240. Wire Mimicry,4.6
#You are or can transform into wire, either keeping your anatomical form made of strung metal or melting into a homogeneous coil. In the homogeneous state you become far harder to meaningfully damage, though you are affected by anything that would harm normal thread.
5241. Absolute Wisdom,9.1
#Your intellectual faculties, memory, calculation, learning and creativity transcend virtually every other sentient being in your universe. You always make the wisest possible decision regardless of the situation and simply do not make mistakes. This is not omniscience, you still must learn things, but once you know them you apply them perfectly.
5242. Enhanced Wisdom,3.6
#You possess wisdom far beyond the peak of your species, with deep understanding of concepts, people and situations and the emotional control to act on that understanding. You still make poor decisions from time to time, but far less often than a merely peak-human sage would.
5243. Supernatural Wisdom,6.2
#You are glaringly, obviously and unnaturally wiser than almost any being in your universe, your judgment pushed beyond the natural level entirely. People who speak with you often come away feeling as though they had consulted an oracle, even when you were only telling them what they already knew.
5244. Wisdom,2.3
#You possess peak human wisdom, able to apply perception, judgment and knowledge in keeping with a deep understanding of the world. You have control over your own passions, so reason tends to prevail, though you are still capable of making bad decisions from time to time.
5245. Wish Dragon Physiology,7.0
#You are or can transform into a wish dragon, a rare breed of dragon capable of granting wishes to others and even to itself. Alongside the standard suite of dragon abilities you wield wish-based powers of the sort only whispered about in legend, though anti-wish powers remain your main weakness.
5246. Wish Embodiment,8.6
#You become the physical manifestation and personification of wishes themselves, able to grant any and all wishes without limit. As long as beings continue to make wishes, your power is effectively boundless, but should the world ever stop wishing you begin to fade away into nothing.
5247. Wishpoosh Physiology,5.4
#You are or can transform into the Wishpoosh, a monstrous beaver of Native American folklore large enough to devour whales whole and level mountains. Your physical strength and durability are immense in this form, and your jaws can shatter stone and crush leviathans with ease.
5248. Absolute Wits,9.0
#Your thinking capacity is limitless, your foresight uncanny. You can instantly think your way in, out of, around or through any situation, adapting to any change and countering any twist with effortless grace. You generate infinite plans on the fly, outwit anyone beneath the conceptual level, and remain perfectly calm no matter the stakes.
5249. Enhanced Wits,3.6
#Your wits are sharpened beyond the human norm. You are quick on your feet, clever, adaptable, and hard to surprise or impress. You automatically analyze any environment you find yourself in and deduce the optimal course of action, letting you think your way through most situations. Can still be outwitted by those with supernatural or absolute levels.
5250. Supernatural Wits,5.8
#Your cleverness and cunning are glaringly beyond the natural limit. You adapt to changing situations with unnatural ease, keep your cool in any crisis, and your strategic mind outpaces even the most gifted mortal thinkers. Only those with Absolute Wits can reliably outmaneuver you.
5251. Peak Human Wits,2.6
#Your wits are as sharp as a human mind can be without crossing into the supernatural. You adapt quickly, think on your feet, and can talk or maneuver your way through almost any ordinary situation. You rarely get caught flat-footed, though anyone with enhanced wits can still outthink you.
5252. Wolf Physiology,3.3
#You possess the traits and physical abilities of a wolf, including enhanced senses, stamina, bite force and pack instincts. You can transform fully into a wolf or take a hybrid form, and you move with the grace and predatory awareness of a born hunter.
5253. Wolfwere Physiology,4.0
#You are a wolfwere, the mirror of a werewolf; a wolf that takes human or hybrid form rather than a human that becomes a wolf. Your base form is lupine, your human shape is the disguise, and you retain the strength, senses and ferocity of a predator in every form.
5254. Wolpertinger Physiology,3.5
#You are a wolpertinger, a Bavarian folklore creature with the head of a rabbit, the body of a squirrel, the antlers of a deer and the wings of a pheasant. You possess the agility, flight, and chimeric resilience of the creature, and your strange appearance carries a subtle fae glamour.
5255. Wolverine Physiology,3.4
#You either are or can transform into a wolverine, gaining their astonishing strength-to-size ratio, ferocity, stamina, and the willingness to fight creatures many times their size. Your jaws can crack frozen bone and your claws dig through ice and wood with ease.
5256. Wolverinefolk Physiology,3.9
#You are a wolverinefolk, a humanoid hybrid of human and wolverine. You possess the ferocity, stamina and raw strength of a wolverine in a form that can still wield weapons and walk among people, and your temper is famously hard to cool once provoked.
5257. Wombat Physiology,2.1
#You either are or can transform into a wombat. Your hindquarters are so densely boned that predators that bite them break their teeth, and you can block a burrow with your armored rump. Cute, stubborn, and surprisingly hard to kill.
5258. Wood Mimicry,3.3
#Your body is made of wood or can transform into it at will. Your wooden form retains all your organs, making it vulnerable to attacks the same way your flesh would be, although you are far more resistant to blunt force. Dehydrates faster than flesh and may require contact with soil or water.
5259. Wool Mimicry,2.1
#Your body is made of wool or can transform into it at will. Soft, warm, and surprisingly resilient to impacts, but weak against fire and anything that can shear. If knocked unconscious you may revert to flesh automatically.
5260. Word Mimicry,2.4
#You are a word or can transform into one. In word form you exist as pure written or spoken language, able to slip into sentences, hide in books, or echo through conversations unnoticed.
5261. World Connection,6.2
#You share a deep physical, mental, emotional, and spiritual connection with an entire world and everything within it. You can sense anything that happens on your world, commune with its elements and lifeforms, and understand its nature intuitively. However, the destruction of your world could kill you, and ascending to higher planes may be impossible.
5262. World Turtle Physiology,7.4
#You are the World Turtle, the legendary cosmic beast upon whose back the entire world is carried. Your shell is durable enough to bear continents, your lifespan stretches across eons, and you command the slow, unshakable gravity of a being that holds civilizations in place. You are as slow as you are eternal.
5263. Worm Physiology,2.8
#You either are or can transform into a worm, ranging from earthworms and roundworms to flatworms, bootlace worms, and arrow worms. You gain incredible flexibility, regeneration from being cut in half, and the ability to squeeze through the tiniest of spaces. Weak to extreme heat and hungry predators.
5264. Wormhole Mimicry,7.2
#Your body is composed of or can transform into wormholes, a trans-reality manifold wearing the shape of a person. In this form attacks pass through you into distant points in spacetime, and you can redirect any force or projectile to anywhere you've been. Lower-level users need focus and have time limits on the transformation.
5265. Worship Empowerment,5.8
#You grow stronger, faster and more durable the more you are worshipped, with prayer, ritual and devotion fueling your body and unlocking new abilities related to your divine affinity. Sufficient faith can sustain you without food and halt your aging entirely, but disbelief and abandonment leave you powerless.
5266. Worshipping Empowerment,4.6
#You grow stronger, faster and more durable by worshipping something else, with prayer and ritual devotion fueling your body. Unlike being worshipped yourself, this empowerment flows from your own faith, meaning as long as you have something to kneel to you remain powerful.
5267. Wraith Physiology,5.6
#You are or can transform into a wraith, an incorporeal spirit of the netherworld that sustains itself by draining the life energy and souls of mortals. You appear as a shadowy cloaked form, phase through matter, and leech vitality with a touch. May be vulnerable to sunlight or dissipate on contact with water.
5268. Wrath Derivation,8.9
#You are the source of all wrath in the cosmos, the primordial force from which every flash of anger, rage, fury and berserker frenzy in every living being flows. All powers related to wrath answer to you absolutely. Should you ever die, all anger in existence dies with you, and should you wish to be free of this burden you must pass the role to another.
5269. Wrath Embodiment,7.3
#You are the physical manifestation of wrath in your reality, drawing power from the rage of yourself and others. You can weaponize endless fury, extend your lifespan through it, and become nearly immune to death so long as anger exists. Releasing or losing your rage leaves you weakened, and when enraged you may not be able to distinguish friend from foe.
5270. Writing Implement Mimicry,2.6
#You can transform into writing implements or a homogeneous mass of them, retaining your anatomy in an altered form. You're no more invulnerable than a pen is, and the threat of being snapped in half is very real.
5271. Wulver Physiology,3.6
#You are or can transform into a wulver, a benevolent Scottish fairy resembling a humanoid wolf. You gain enhanced physical abilities, a peaceful temperament and an intuition for helping those in need, but you carry the standard fairy weaknesses to cold iron and religious icons.
5272. Xenarthra Physiology,2.4
#You are or can transform into a xenarthran such as an anteater, sloth or armadillo, gaining their traits like armored hide, a ridiculously long tongue or incredible climbing ability. Eyesight tends to be poor and sloth-based forms are very slow.
5273. Xenarthranoid Physiology,3.0
#You are or can transform into a xenarthranoid — a humanoid hybrid of anteater, sloth or armadillo — gaining the traits of these beasts in a more combat-functional body. Armored armadillo-men make for surprisingly solid frontline fighters.
5274. Xian Physiology,7.8
#Chinese Mythology - You are or can transform into a Xian, a human who has achieved immortality, supernatural power and harmony with the Tao. Your body transcends mortal limitations, granting vast longevity, spiritual mastery and the ability to wield Taoist arts as easily as breathing. You represent the ultimate goal of Taoist self-cultivation, an ascended being walking amongst mortals.
5275. Xiangliu Physiology,6.3
#Chinese Mythology - You are or can transform into Xiangliu, the venomous nine-headed serpent who brings floods and devastation wherever he goes. Your body exudes ecological ruin, your venom is calamitous, and your nine heads each demand feeding, making you a walking disaster for any land you linger in.
5276. Xiezhi Physiology,5.7
#Chinese Mythology - You are or can transform into a xiezhi, the legendary lion-dog guardian of justice and order. You have the innate ability to sense guilt, wrongdoing and prejudice, and would instinctively gore the wronging party with your horn. Your physique is formidable and you can consume fire as though it were food.
5277. Xylokinetic Regeneration,4.1
#Naruto - You regenerate wounds by absorbing wood and woody plants, either fueling your healing or directly converting the plant matter into your own flesh. Without access to wood the regeneration stalls, and cellular-disruption abilities can shut it down entirely.
5278. Yak Physiology,2.2
#You are or can transform into a yak, domestic or wild, gaining their immense shaggy bulk, powerful horns and tolerance for brutal high-altitude cold. Surprisingly resilient, genuinely strong, and very, very fluffy.
5279. Yale Physiology,3.1
#Grants you the body of a yale, a medieval beast the size of a hippo with a goat's body, elephant's tail and boar's jaws. Your long horns can swivel in any direction, letting you parry and gore foes from impossible angles. Your horns can still be broken however.
5280. Yarn Mimicry,1.6
#Your body takes on the properties of yarn, letting you unravel yourself into strands, stretch and loop your form, and reform at will. Some users find themselves unable to return fully to their original body.
5281. Yazata Physiology,6.5
#Persian Mythology - You possess the physiology of a yazata, a worshipful angelic being of Zoroastrian faith that embodies light, order, and righteousness. You gain divine strength, holy presence, and dominion over an aspect of creation of your choosing, serving as a lesser ally to Ahura Mazda himself.
5282. Yin & Yang Empowerment,4.5
#You grow stronger, faster, and more durable when exposed to yin and yang essence, potentially unlocking new abilities tied to the affinity and enhancing existing powers. With enough exposure you may even draw sustenance from duality itself and slow your aging.
5283. Yin & Yang Mimicry,6.5
#Your body is composed of yin and yang essence itself, letting you exist as the fundamental duality of reality. You can keep a human shape or dissolve into homogeneous primordial matter, and attacks that target one polarity are counterbalanced by the other.
5284. Yin & Yang Power Link,4.2
#Your yin and yang aspects are directly linked to your powers, fueling and strengthening them from within. As long as your dualities remain balanced, your abilities are amplified and far more stable than they would be otherwise.
5285. Yobuko Physiology,2.8
#You are or can transform into a yobuko, a one-legged yokai child with a large face and a straw rain hat. You dwell well in mountainous terrain and can mimic any voice you've heard to call people back to you, causing echoes that confuse and lure targets deeper into the wild.
5286. Yoga Empowerment,4.1
#Yoga makes you stronger, faster, and more durable the more you practice it, unlocking latent abilities tied to the discipline. Dedicated practitioners may slow their aging or sustain themselves entirely from yogic energy, but without practice to feed on you weaken.
5287. Yogurt Mimicry,2.3
#Your body is composed of yogurt, either keeping a humanoid shape with fully functional organs or dissolving into homogeneous cultured dairy. You are vulnerable to Yogurt Manipulation and may, on a bad day, find yourself stuck as strawberry flavor.
5288. Superior Yokai Physiology,6.3
#You are a Superyokai, an empowered variant of an ordinary yokai with brand new abilities stacked on top of your base physiology. Your intellect allows you to use these granted powers with far more precision and creativity than a regular yokai ever could.
5289. Transcendent Yokai Physiology,7.8
#You are or can transform into a transcendent yokai, a yokai elevated to godly power. Your physical, spiritual and mystical capabilities rival those of lesser deities, though divine slayers and transcendent weaponry remain a genuine threat.
5290. Yokai Physiology,4.5
#You are or can transform into a yokai, a supernatural spirit or monster from Japanese folklore. Depending on which yokai you embody, your abilities range widely from mischief and minor fortune to outright monstrous power. Vulnerable to Shinto rites and spiritual cleansing.
5291. Yonaki Baba Physiology,4.4
#You are or can become a Yonaki Baba, a hag yokai who appears at the homes of those who have suffered tragedy and weeps through the night. Your weeping drives listeners deeper into despair and signals further misfortune. Vulnerable to divine magic and prayer.
5292. Yosei Physiology,4.3
#You are or can transform into a yosei, the Japanese equivalent of a fairy or bewitching spirit. You possess supernatural grace and charm, and according to old belief, you can even bring the dead back to life under the right circumstances.
5293. Yosuzume Physiology,3.3
#You are or can transform into a yosuzume, a night sparrow yokai that chirps in the dark along mountain trails. You grant or steal luck from those who cross your path, and your chirps are an omen that more dangerous yokai may be following close behind.
5294. Youth Embodiment,6.5
#You are the living personification of youth itself, able to manipulate the concept and restore others to the first bloom of youthfulness and beauty. Your mere presence radiates vitality and can reverse aging in those around you, temporarily or permanently.
5295. Youth Mimicry,2.3
#You naturally appear as a child regardless of your actual age. Your deceptively innocent look lets you slip past suspicion in many situations, though your small stature can be turned against you and it is hard to be taken seriously in adult matters.
5296. Yowie Physiology,3.5
#You are or can transform into a Yowie, the hulking hairy humanoid of Australian folklore. You possess massive strength, endurance and a violent disposition, being considered Australia's answer to the Bigfoot or Yeti. Intelligence in this form is limited.
5297. Yuki-Onna Physiology,5.2
#You are or can transform into a Yuki-Onna, a snow woman yokai of terrible beauty who haunts snowy nights. You can float over snow without leaving footprints, dissolve into mist, freeze mortals with your breath or gaze, and command the cold itself. Vulnerable to fire.
5298. Yukinko Physiology,3.4
#You are or can transform into a Yukinko, a small child-like snow yokai said to be the offspring of Yuki-Onna. You possess ice and snow powers and a hardiness against cold, though you are vulnerable to fire-based attacks.
5299. Yule Cat Physiology,5.0
#You are or can transform into the Jólakötturinn, the monstrous Yule Cat of Icelandic folklore. As a house-sized man-eating cat, you prowl on Christmas Eve hunting those who have not received new clothes, with terrifying strength, senses and predatory instinct.
5300. Zana Physiology,4.9
#You are or can transform into a Zana, a benevolent Albanian fairy akin to a fairy godmother. You possess the power to aid the lost and injured, bestow gifts of beauty, grace and luck upon others, and in rare cases even grant life and blessings to the unborn. Vulnerable to iron and fey wards.
5301. Zaratan Physiology,5.6
#You are or can transform into a Zaratan, a mythical turtle so enormous its shell is routinely mistaken for an island. Your size, weight and durability are colossal, though your speed and agility predictably suffer for it.
5302. Zashiki-Warashi Physiology,4.0
#You are or can transform into a Zashiki-Warashi, a child-like yokai that inhabits homes and plays harmless pranks. Those who see you are blessed with good fortune, and your continued presence in a household brings it prosperity for as long as you remain.
5303. Zburator Physiology,4.8
#You are or can transform into a Zburator, a Romanian demon that appears as a wolf-headed dragon or as a handsome man. You seduce mortals in the night and drain their lifeforce, leaving them pale and wasted. Vulnerable to monotheistic rites and dragon slayers.
5304. Zebra Physiology,1.6
#You are or can transform into a zebra. You gain the speed, stamina and kick of the equid as well as its distinctive striped coat, which oddly provides decent camouflage in tall grass.
5305. Zero Motion Resistance,5.5
#Your body experiences zero resistance to motion. Friction, inertia, rotational mass, gravity and weight all behave as though they are zero when acting on you, yet you still move and act normally in defiance of physics. Impacts can still hurt you, and you cannot extend this property to others.
5306. Zero-Gravity Immunity,2.8
#You are immune to the long-term effects of zero gravity. No bone loss, no muscle atrophy, no fluid shifts; you can live indefinitely in orbit or deep space without ever hitting the treadmill. Meta gravity powers can still bypass this.
5307. Zhenniao Physiology,4.5
#Chinese Mythology - You are or can transform into a Zhenniao, a poisonous mythical bird of ancient Southern China with purple abdomen and green-tipped feathers. Your entire body carries Zhen venom, and a single feather dipped in wine is enough to kill. You are immune to poisons that would fell any other creature.
5308. Zinc Mimicry,2.9
#Your body is made of or can transform into zinc. You gain the properties of the metal including decent conductivity and malleability when heated, but you are also brittle in the cold and vulnerable to anything that would damage ordinary zinc.
5309. Zipper Empowerment,2.3
#You become stronger, faster and more durable the closer you are to zippers. A single zipper on your jacket gives a modest boost, but walking into a clothing factory turns you into a monster. Strip you naked and you are painfully average.
5310. Zipper Mimicry,3.4
#You can transform your body, partially or fully, into zippers. In homogeneous form you can unzip and reform yourself to dodge attacks or squeeze through tight spaces, but your zipper-form shares all the vulnerabilities of a normal zipper and isn't exactly durable.
5311. Ziz Physiology,6.8
#You are a Ziz, the primordial unconquerable monster of the sky from Abrahamic lore. As a Ziz you possess a colossal avian form whose wingspan can blot out the sun, immense divine physical power, and dominion over storms and the heavens. You weaken significantly if kept away from the sky for too long.
5312. Zodiac Empowerment,3.6
#You become stronger, faster and more durable around zodiac power and signs, possibly drawing sustenance from them and slowing your aging. Usually tied to a single sign, and the boost can surge involuntarily when the stars align with your affinity.
5313. Zodiac Mimicry,5.5
#You can transform into any zodiac sign of any known system, Western, Chinese, Mayan, and beyond. Each form grants the traits, elements and mythological capabilities of the sign you assume, and with mastery you can blend traits from multiple signs at once.
5314. Zodiac Power Link,4.1
#Your powers are directly linked to your zodiac sign, which fuels and strengthens them through the horoscope. When your sign is in favorable alignment your abilities surge, but an unstable or eclipsed sign can send them spiralling out of control.
5315. Zodiac Symbiosis,5.3
#A zodiac entity lives inside your body, granting you access to its powers in exchange for hosting it. The entity may fight you for control, damage you when it exerts itself, and a sufficiently powerful sign can destroy its host outright if the bond isn't balanced.
5316. Zombie Dragon Physiology,5.7
#You are a zombie dragon, bearing the immense physical power, scale and breath weapon of a dragon alongside the undying resilience and fearlessness of a zombie. You carry the weaknesses of both, and your tattered wings may or may not still be able to carry you aloft.
5317. Superior Zombie Physiology,4.6
#You are a metazombie, a zombie of superior power with enhanced strength, durability and often genuine intelligence. Unlike the shambling masses, you retain your mind well enough to become an alpha undead, lording over lesser zombies. Your genetic instability may express as unwanted mutations, and you still share most of a regular zombie's weaknesses.
5318. Zombie Physiology,3.0
#You either are or can transform into a zombie, an animated corpse free of hunger, pain, fatigue and most other mortal needs. Your body is dead and possibly decomposing, but it keeps moving regardless. Vulnerable to supernatural hunters, necromancers, and anyone with Zombie Manipulation.
5319. Zombification Immunity,2.6
#You are immune to zombification by any means — dark magic, parasites, spores, viruses, curses. No matter how the apocalypse starts, you won't be joining the shambling masses. Their claws and teeth can still hurt you like any other wound though.
5320. Zombified Alien Physiology,4.7
#You are a zombified alien, possessing both the undying resilience of a zombie and the exotic bodily composition and adaptability of an alien species. You don't need to eat, sleep or breathe, and your biology is strange enough to shrug off things that would kill either parent species. The zombification may have dulled your intellect, and old undead impulses like hunger and animalism still gnaw at you.
5321. Zombified Animal Physiology,3.3
#You either are or can transform into a zombified animal, combining the physical traits of a beast with the undying persistence of the undead. You may end up with the weaknesses of both, but also the instincts and enhanced senses of the animal alongside zombie durability.
5322. Zompire Physiology,5.4
#You are a zompire, a bizarre hybrid combining the worst traits of vampires and zombies. You possess vampiric strength, speed and intelligence alongside the ferocious hunger and resilience of the undead, making you far more dangerous than either parent species. You still need life-force to keep functioning, and supernatural hunters, acidic blood and vampiric toxicity can all take you down.
5323. Zuijin Physiology,5.7
#You either are or can transform into a Zuijin, a Shinto warrior-kami who stands guard at shrine gates to ward off evil spirits. You possess divine strength, keen awareness of malicious presences, and the authority to repel or banish evil from any place you have claimed as your watch. Your protective aura shelters those under your guard, though divine power negation and absorption can bypass your warding.
